0	All the pretty people in this film. Even the Rudy character played by Michael Madsen. This is adapted from a Jim Thompson novel for cryin' out loud! These are supposed to be marginal characters, not fashion models. Though McQueen and McGraw were attractive (but check out McQueen's crummy prison haircut) they were believable in the role. Baldwin and Bassinger seem like movie stars trying to act like hard cases. Action wise, the robbery scene in the Pekinpah version was about 100 times more exciting and suspenseful than anything in this re-make.
0	I know that Tom Robbins has a loyal following and I started the book with high expectations. However, I did not enjoy this book as it was too much work to follow his confused logic. I think that he was under the influence during most of time that he wrote.
1	This type of spaetzle maker is easier to manuveur than the old press kind and much easier on the hands. The difference is that this new spaetzle maker makes smaller noodles than the old. It is great for us elderly that don't have much strength left.
1	My cats seemed to be amused to work for their food. One cat would roll the ball with her paws and nose, and the other would walk behind her and eat up whatever fell out -- teamwork! I knew they'd dig this ball because I had already made something similar out of a plastic water bottle before that they liked a lot.A few weeks after getting this, though, the ball was never to be found again. I think it may have rolled down into the dark basement at some point and became one with the clutter.+1 for the adjustable hole sizes. -1 for the mess that happens when trying to put the food in by hand (although this could be solved with a funnel).
1	I've had no problems running this with my Dell 8200 PC running Windows XP Home Edition which is running an addon USB 2 card, to which this hub (I have the 8 port version) is connected. When I bought it a year ago, I thought that 8 ports would be overkill and that 4 would be adequate, but I bought this unit anyway. Boy was I glad, right now 6 of the 8 are in use.
1	If you're considering purchasing this movie, I have to figure you're either a huge fan of Sarah Michelle Gellar, or you've seen the movie in the past and really liked it. Either that, or you're like me and you bought it as a gift for someone else, lol (although I did see this in the theater years ago and liked it). So there's not much use in reviewing the movie itself.As for the DVD release...you're not going to get anything in the way of extras (correct me if I'm wrong, but I think there's only a trailer)...but you do get the movie in both widescreen as well as pan and scan. It's of good quality, and it came at a good price (at least it did when I purchased it, lol).
1	Good picture on blu-ray, but I don't know if it would be much different on DVD since the lighting in the movie is pretty dark.
0	I've always been a John Mellencamp fan (all the way back to Jack and Diane). It's been a while since I've bought one of his albums, but I bought this one on a whim. I should have read some reviews first. I'm very disappointed. Cuttin' Heads and Peaceful World are ok songs, but there isn't a standout in the bunch. Too many of them are too mellow. Pass on this album if you like the older stuff.
1	I need t's like this to get through my days at the barn with the horses! They're great and thanks for the quick shipping.
1	In 1880s Australia, a lawman makes a deal with a bandit to bring his murderous brother to justice. Simple story about the brutality of frontier life has direction, cinematography and characters reminiscent of the best 60s spaghetti westerns such as "Once Upon a Time in the West" (1969). Viewers may also enjoy the similar-styled "The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada" (2005) and "No Country for Old Men" (2007).
1	OK, if you aren't a die-hard Family Guy fan, if you don't like the jokes that go on for a little TOO long or the jokes that normally start with "like that one time when Peter..." this isn't for you...That aside, if you like all the side gags on family guy where they trail off to something that is completely off subject, this IS for you. To me, this disc is filled with the things Seth couldn't find space for in a Family Guy episode or that the FCC would have a stroke over if they did. I absolutely love Family Guy and the fact that they don't care too much about being politically correct...it's refreshing and this disc stays true to that. It's raunchy, just wrong sometimes, and pretty hilarious all at the same time.I didn't give it 5 stars because it's a little pricey for only an hour's worth of fun. Enjoy!
0	I'd give it a 0 if I could.I bought this toy last night after a customer in the store gave it great reviews. This toy is totally ridiculous. My 10 month old loves elmo. He has all of the other elmo dolls (hokey pokey, ymca, chicken dance, tickle me, rock n' roll, even the build a bear elmo) and a hand puppet and loves these. He looked at the tmx like it was having a seizure. He actually crawled away from it and didn't give it a second look. My six year old played with it for maybe a minute and then said "Does it do anything else?" Unfortunately, it doesn't. Maybe if it would talk or sing a song it would be better. But you can hardly understand what he is saying and it just isn't entertaining.Buy something better with your $40.00
0	I've had mine for just over 6 months, and it crapped out. My Heier lasted 6 years, and I wish I would have spent the extra money to buy one.
0	I'm pleased I bought this book. It provides a sensible and fairly exhaustive overview of the rise of the Nazis. But I'm also disappointed. The book contains nothing unique or original. In terms of fact and interpretation it is safe and conforming, and devoid of originality.Perhaps my standards are unrealistic, or maybe my expectation of a book by Professor Evans, a distinguished academic at Cambridge University, was too high. Either way I don't rate this book as a lofty contribution. It lacks the penetrating analytical touch of Michael Burleigh's similar but better work, and as the first work of a trilogy does not inspire me to think about buying the next two volumes.
1	This is a wonderfully comfortable and good looking pump especially if you're looking for a slightly wider toe box. It looks great with a skirt or slacks. My only complaint is that after finally accepting that a wide width is the most comfortable, and kindest to my feet, I can't find my size (6.5 W) in navy. I have the shoe in black. If anyone from Naturalizer is reading this message; how about making more sizes and colors in wide widths available?
0	this band is one long joke.aside from three songs this is spinal taps warm up band.i can't believe all the love they get.
0	I was given the FL100 as a gift and soon realized the product is flawed. If the player is connected to the PC and the battery dies, it will corrupt the internal memory and the player will not restart after replacing the battery. The player BIOS will initiate, however, once the internal memory check is complete the message "Battery Low !!!" will appear and it shuts down. The internal memory can be re-formatted but the player must be on to do so. I contacted Digitalway regarding this and they said, "If the player purchase date is less than 30 days old and you have the receipt, you may return it to the place of purchase. If the player purchase date is more than 30 days and less than 120 days old and you have the receipt, you may return it to Digitalway." The key here is receipt. I also believe they are not really backing this product. I would recommend looking at comparable players and especially the warranty.
0	I did not think that this book added a great deal of real information that wasn't just common sense. Also, parts of it reminded me of a religious sermon. This seemed to be out of place and totally unexpected. The book was not what I expected. This book is great for the religious right, not the general public.
0	Alas, despite the enticing title and initially engaging, gossipy style, this book bogs down in repetitive trivial details while failing to explore fasciniting topics to which it alludes (such as the international drug trade in the early 20th century and its links to Shanghai and to international arms trading after WWI). Little effort is made to identify individuals as they reappear in subsequent chapters or to present a coherent historical narrative. This is one of the very few books I have ever simply chosen to put down rather than finish.
1	The book called The Outsiders was written by a 16 year old girl named S.E. Hinton. It takes place in Oklahoma. The main Greasers are Ponyboy, Dally, Sodapop,Darry, Johnnyboy,and the least ones are Two-bit and Steve. Ponyboy,Darry,and Sodapop are all brothers. They lost there parents in a car accident.Ponyboy,the youngest, and Johnnyboy , who is 16,get in some trouble with the Socs. The Socs are Cherry, Bob, Randy and Marcia. In the book one of the guys dies... but you have the read the book on your own.The lesson in the book, I thought, was that everyone has a rough life. All age groups do and also their classes. This book would be good for ages 11-16. I think this because thats when it starts to get hard for the kids.I like the book over all. The book was kinda slow at first. I liked the book beacause what you learn from it. It has a lot of emotion. I would recomend this book to anyone.
1	This CD has a great pulsating driving rhythm. The different musical sensations can bring the emotional force to its explosive peek, it isnt your regular "bump and grind." Put this one in your CD player and get into the Global Groove. Loved it. THIS ONE IS A MUST ! ! ! ! Take the mask off and let the rhythm move you.........
1	All of the Shopaholic books are great but this one was not as good as the others. Don't get me wrong it is still worth reading and leaves the impression that there is more to come but it simply does not compare to the first three books.Becky is even more out of control than ever in this installment of the series, when she meets her long lost half sister, who happens to HATE shopping. Becky with her overwhelming desire to be the best sister ever (because she was always an only child) tries so hard to get her new sister (who happens to be everything Becky is not) to be her best friend. The usual hilarity that comes with Becky insues and Kinsella once again provides her reader with great fun and laughs.Ending gives the impression that there is more of Becky's life to come... can't wait for another book in this great series.
0	For some reason when it was released in the US this year they decided to edit out most of the comedic scenes and most anything not directly involving Jackie Chan from the earlier release. They also almost totally replaced the soundtrack with music that for the most part didn't match the scene. I like Jackie Chan films but this release was very disapointing. The only up side was that the voices were re-dubbed by I think by the original actors. The action is still good but the older versions of the film are better.
1	This book has a lot of general information about Tanganyikan cichlids and the way to keep them in a home aquarium. The pictures in the book have a special glossy cover, which makes them look very good. It's an excellent 'first book', but someone interested in information about specific cichlid should search for them in another book.
1	The unit works well and has a nice long cord and was a good value. The ear pads are a bit small.
0	This DVD Player looked good online and the reviews at the time were not that bad so I purchased it; however, I can tell you that this is the worst item I have purchased online! This system does not allow you to fast forward/rewind; it only lets you jump from scene to scene. It was manufactured very cheaply; its remote control is a joke. I am so disappointed!
1	I posted the book's table of contents - see "Customer images" link above - and would like to point out Chapter 4, which discusses "relational data mining", also recommending the closely related Chapters 3 and 7. (But not Chapter 2; the authors' mastery of time-series methods - if these do belong to data mining - is not obvious).I am skeptical about applicability of the proposed method, and would consult other books on neural nets or fuzzy logic - or Bayesian belief networks, for example, forgotten here - but others may disagree.Jeers to Kluwer for charging over $100 for a book that really should cost $50-60, yet not hiring a proof-reader. ("Daiwa Secretes"!)
0	I had sampled this at a store once and absolutely loved it. But the bottle I have smells acidic and chemically and the sent hardly last. Wish I had returned it. :(Too bad I normally love their stuff. The seller was prompt and cool and all that.
1	I first read this book at age 10 and could hardly sleep for 3 days. I have re-read it many times since, and I am glad to report that it is still as frightening to the adult as it was for the child. This book teems with terrifying images and situations which I won't describe so as not to spoil the suspense. This was what scared me as a child. What scares the adult on top of this is the emotional collapse of Jack Torrance and his descent into madness. The relationships in the family triad are brilliantly depicted. This is a novel about the horrors of alcoholism, insanity, and child abuse, which are of course only compounded by the supernatural evil these characters become enmeshed in. This is my favorite King novel and I would really like to know what happened to Danny Torrance when he reached adulthood!
1	A must see, great story and great ending, watch this movie!!!! Perfect for a slow Sunday afternoon or a could day when you are snowed in.
1	This book was very heart touching and blew every thing I thought I knew about the Holocaust out the water. Great read for mature audience.
0	If you are a real house style raver, I suggest you consider buying another CD. I was recommended this CD, and I was disappointed when I heard it....The beats are not innovative at all, and rappers with the same style as Doc Ock, are a dime a dozen. Heed my warning and stay away from this cd at all costs.....
0	The battery I received is not from APC as the picture and the description suggested and I was not able to return it.
1	This album is pretty good. Its very energetic and the mix is good. Some excellent effects on "if there's hell below" This is the only Curtis live album I have and I like it alot. Some of the Keyboards sound a little lame, but dont let that stop you from enjoying this album. Excellent rythym section
1	I looked at all the planers. I was going to buy a planer with AMPS being my first concern. With a 3.4 amp motor this planer did not fail once. I put this machine to work on rough cut white oak with the blades full bore, and I got tired before this Hitachi planer. My only wish is the shoe as in all planers in this class was 1 inch longer. With a longer shoe or base this would get 5 stars. At this price you cannot go wrong. Blades are a snap to change, and sharpen. This is a nice machine.
1	Gave this as a gift and she absolutely loved it. Said it was the best choc drink she ever had. Great gift item.
1	I very much liked the book. Rex Black has written about the process and management side of testing. This makes it an ideal complement to Cem Kaner's "Testing Computer Software" (which deals with testing technique) and Boris Beizer's "Software Testing Techniques" (which deals with the fundamentals).I found the templates useful, mostly because I never worked my way around Excel to get those metrics in an automated manner. But don't expect them to be replacement for commercial test management tools.This should be a required reading for anyone who plans or manages testing.
1	This is by far my fav book. It's very Sex in the City set in the 50's. It's very stylized and true to it's era. Plus if you like reading about show business, than this book will be fascinating. It's a easy fluff read, so don't expect it to be A Tale of Two Cities or anything like that!!! It's fun, just look at the cover...It's pink!
0	I wanted to post this review, because I must have misunderstood the purpose of these CLEP books. As was indiciated to me today by the testing center, these books are designed to refresh the memories of people who have a good knowledge base of the subject. For individuals such as myself, who haven't taken American History since the early 90's, it didn't prepare me like I expected it to.I studied this book for three months, I had a 95% on each of the practice exams, and I barely passed this CLEP. Passing is passing, I agree, but just keep in mind that this book is a framework. There were so many questions on my exam on topics my clep book didn't touch on. Good thing I like the History channel.Anyway, good refresher, but maybe it's wise to supplement with a cheap high school/college text to be safe.
0	I don't want to be harsh. I'm fairly certain that many people put a lot of effort into this book. I just didn't think that it was really a worth the effort though.Essentially the only chapter I found useful was chapter 5. Of course, one chapter doesn't make the book worthwhile though.
1	I enjoyed this group's previous CD very much, but "Hoping It Might Be So" is even better -- the selection of pieces is unusual and the performances are exquisite. "The Oxen" is my favorite at the moment, although I also love "Quem Pastores" by James Bassi (Why haven't I heard of this composer before? Where have I been?). The choir has a gorgeous sound, and the harp accompaniments are simply lovely. I listen to Christmas music year-round, and I think this CD is going to get a lot of play! I highly recommend "Hoping It Might Be So" to anyone who loves fine choral music.
0	The disk arrived in a plastic box used for CD's-- not a regular package. The installation directons, printed on the disk itself, state that auto-run will begin when the disk is inserted in the disk drive. Nothing happened and I had to use My Computer and the Setup.exe file to start the installation. About halfway thru the process, it stopped and would not restart. Our son (a computer guy) said the disk is a standard cheap copy type that we can purchase anywhere-- not the usual higher quality that Broderbund would use. Finally we got it installed on the main computer but it would not install on my laptop. I guess it's true-- you get what you pay for. This was cheap enough and that's good. If I have any more problems, I will return it to Amazon.
0	Gruen writes like a woman who is trying to sound like a man. Her word choice and syntax did not ring true and unfortunately the method cost her some in credibility. The book was nothing to write home about and certainly did not rank with anything by Erik Larson. The high ratings from other reviewers are puzzling. The reviews about the movie seem to more accurately reflect the quality of the book.
0	Currently I have over 20 hours in to trying to understand and use this program. I have paid my computer support person over $125. To date I have used the program and found that the route was there but not the map, the map and not the route. I can't find any voice for my Windows mobile device. You are never sure if you are on the right road. I'm so frustrated with this program! I really feel that I have tried to give it a fair chance.
1	For fans of dub as well as jungle and drum & bass, dubstep is a terrific combination of these genres. And for those new to this type of music, The Roots of Dubstep provides a most fitting introduction as it features cuts by many of the better known musicians making dubstep. Personally, I find this kind of music perfect not only for dancing but also for working behind my computer as it is completely energy inducing, without being unduly distracting. So whether you have to write a paper, paint your house or just want to get down and dance, the Roots of Dubstep will give you the necessary step up.
1	This bag is nearly perfect. The straps easily tuck away, which is great when using the pack as carryon luggage for a flight or on a train. The front zips open all the way, so you can access the stuff at the bottom of the pack as easily as the stuff on top. The bag isn't huge, which is its greatest strength and weakness. I just spent two months backpacking in India and the bag still looks new.
1	This book was so encouraging. The self test to identify my levels made this read a keeper. I experimented with one amino acid for evening carb cravings and just like promised... there were immediate results. I haven't eaten at night out of hunger or comfort for 6 weeks. The biology is simple and the comparison of refined grains lending to addiction with not only food but alcohol was a game changer for me. I have a plan for a year's investment in a quality multivitamin and a list of supplements that make sense and are easily obtainable. I believe I will finally be successful in my journey to become healthy.
0	Sorry to say, this movie was a disappointment. Harrison Ford was not at his best, I expected better. He did not make a convincing cowboy. The Indians seemed to be rather lame in the movie. The characters were not well developed at the beginning of the story. A boring movie, the plot was not well done. The only decent part of the movie were the special effects, especially when some of the actors did their own stunts.
0	Please be carefull, this is not a lie, lot's of people are having problems whit this memory."Memory Stick Error" (C:13:01) on my Sony DSC-W5) rises 1 month after I bought this camera, then suddenly It works again, but I'm expecting to have this problem again. My advice: do not buy it, at least until a new corrected version become available.
0	Although there is metal in it; it is extremely flimsy and does not hold discs securely. A total waste of money!
1	I have ordered this book for Christmas gifts for at least 15 friends and family members.I'm an avid reader (at least 1-2 books a week) and I usually forget about the books shortly after I've read them. This book is hard to forget. Weeks later I can still recall whole chapters. It has touched my life so much and I want to share it with as many people as possible. I highly recommend this book.One year later - One of the books I gave was to a friend who died unexpectantly. We talked about this book so many times and now I know that she is in her own room of marvels. It has helped me to deal with her loss and to know that I touched her life with this book.
1	A great game,even though you need to a lot of patience,but I guess that's what makes it great,couse even though you thought you've been to a place you can't expect the same things when you get back there.This game can really make you jump with fright,especially when you are really concentrating.Those zombies jumping up from nowhere.Wow.Don't play it when your'e alone,you'll scare yourself.Graphics is absolutely great.Blowing those zombies to bits is also really cool.Sounds are very realistic and sometimes really scary.You'll love this game no matter what.It's like starring in a great action movie(well except your'e a girl if your'e actually a guy,but a girl that can really kick butt and stand her ground).All I can say is.Coooooool.
0	The movie was a big let down, the voice talent and animation is a lot lower quality then the original movies, and songs were horrible.Plus the new girl Porcha is a spoiled rich girl who is mean to Carrie and Amy through most of both movies. I had bought it for my nieces but they started to mimic the movie by calling people goobers so we do not let them watch it any more.
0	This game has got great graphics, even better than the previous bond - Goldeneye. (I loved Goldeneye that was a great game) But.....the very detailed graphics have SLOWED DOWN the game. Compaired to goldeneye this game runs VERY SLOW. The controls are also different. The game play in this new bond compaired to the older one (goldeneye) is just terrible.If you have to choose between the new one and goldeneye buy goldeneye. If your looking for an awsome second bond for the nintendo 64 your going to have to wait. Unless you like graphics over game control don't buy this game!
1	This CD is so good words are hard to come by to describe it. Ricky Van Shelton's voice is perfect for Gospel music and the song choice's on this recording are great. I bought this from Amazon with the hope that because Van Shelton was singing it, that it would be good. I was not disappointed. This CD is great.
1	I bought this CD because of one song-"What Would You Do". This is definately the BEST song on the album. The message is sad b/c it talks about a mother who has to work as a prostitute to feed her son, but I absolutely love it. The rest of the album is ok, but What Would You Do is the deepest song on here. As well as "Sista". I don't like rap music that much but City High is different.
0	It's alaways the same, we,ve been waiting years for this to come out and when it does you think to yourself, shall i buy it..I have decided not to, not because i'm not a fan of Star Wars, it's because i'm fed up with, all the film companies releasing colections only to replace them with another special edition anniversary etc etc edition.I know that Mr Lucas is going to put all 6 films in one super collection and when he does you can be sure thats the one I will buy, so people stand up to these people who keep bringing out different and better versions lets just keep it sensible.P.S Bet the collection is in time for Christmas LOL !!!
0	If you choose to rent and watch this, rent a hammer as well. First, smash the DVD of this to oblivion and then whack yourself on your bean several times for being such a knob. Dumbness, lameness, lousy acting mixed with a lousy plot and marginal purpose to OK computer generated action sequences. Whap yourself again if you ever think of this terrible movie again. The good stuff of this movie would make a total of an amusing four minute YouTube video with cowboy Owen Wilson and the Roman general bickering. That is it. Don't make me break out my own hammer... Move on. Bad, bad, bad movie.
0	The filter had less pleats(18) compared to my old Fram air filter(30). More pleats means more surface area for filtering the air. The rubber around the edges were loose and didn't form a proper seal.
0	This is a USB speakerphone of the worst quality I've ever seen. The sound quality is bad. My partner can hardly hear what I said. It is not the loudness but the echo. I will not recommend this speakerphone to anyone.
1	This Game is lots of fun. I bought it to play with my family over the X-mass holiday. The only down side is that the cards don't say what they do on them, you have to look them up in the book which comes with the game. This makes for slow game play at first. However, there are 2 different versions of this game available, and the collectors edition has printed what the cards do right on the cards, plus the art work on the cards is much nicer. I highly recommend getting the collectors edition, it's worth the extra couple of bucks.
0	Wrote Joe Nye : "Alexa led me to the bed in the middle of the enormous room and pulled me down beside her. I kissed her breasts and ran my hand between her thighs. She gripped my shoulders tightly. Unlike the first time I made love to Alexa, when the ecstasy had been eroded by a sense of anxiety and uncertainty, I was sucked into this moment as quickly and completely as if I had placed my feet in quicksand. Memories from years ago blended with intense physical excitement in a driving, pounding torrent of passion."Ridicule does not kill, but it can definitely lighten up your day!
0	This movie was abysmal. I don't understand how anyone could possibly rate it over two stars. The acting was ridiculous, it is amazing that Robert Duvall lent his name to the film. The cinematography was terrible. The plot also seemed thoughtless, although, having not read the book, I cannot attest to its faithfulness. It seemed as though the producers spent the movie's entire budget on payroll, as the props, writing, etc. were all very shabby. Overall, it is hard to even watch the movie all the way through.
1	Good all round book for the doctor or counsellor looking at non pharmacological means to tacklean immense problem in society today.Also some key spiritual truths as emotions are intimatelylinked to the human spirit.
1	This has to be the Neil Young album to savour. Known as on of the "roughest" of all youngs albums, with that said, this is the best by far of Youngs early recordings. Songs such as L.A., and Last Dance, will leave you loving this rare gem. This is the cornerstone of all Youngs collection, left for you to love over and over again!!!! You aren't a Young fan until you have heard or loved this album.
0	This is the dumbest game ever, no questions asked. I thought Sega would do a better job for a game like this! Let me explain my experience:Well, first of all, I rented this game (good thing too) and I came home excited to play it because I'm really into monsters, and creating and customizing stuff. Well so I played it and I hated it. That's all there is to be said about "Stupid, stupid, stupid Amazing Island!!!!!" It's a good thing I only rented it, because I almost wanted to buy it before I knew what it was like. :-( DON'T RENT OR BUY IT! DON'T PLAY IT, PERIOD!
0	I orderd this lens a few days ago and I am not keeping it. Here is my reviewPros:* Solid build quality* Fast and quiet autofocus* Well controlled Barrel Distortion even at 17mm.Cons:* After testing this lens for 2 hours. 95% of the pictures were comming out dark with some indoor pictures having dark corners even with my flash on. Picture taken at 2pm on a bright sunny day were dark and colors were dull!!!*My other L lens EF 70-200 f 4 (from 4 years ago) takes amazing picture compared to this one.ConclusionI think this is quality assurance issue. We are in bad economical times and Canon is getting cheap.Now I have to spend $20 to send it back...I am thinking that I am much better off walking into a store and paying the extra bucks and test the lens before buying it...or get a used one from 4 to 5 years ago. In otherwords treat any lens produced in the last 2 years like a Sigma lens test it before you buy it
1	ORDER THIS!! I was introduced to Minna after after seeing and doing a brief workout with the Fitness/Exercise On Demand Channel. After doing this routine a few times, I soon ordered the DVD and haven't been disappointed. It is an incredibly wonderful workout for fat burning. The added Bonus 15 minute training for abs really hits the spot (ouch! in a good way). I especially liked the Grace and Balance portion. Minna is concise and uplifting in that she provides a different type of cardio workout. The routine is not boring and very doable. You can start out slower if you need to and work your way up to her speed (which is what I did). I am very happy I ordered this DVD and you will too.
0	My first unit lasted about 5 months, and I had it replaced under warranty costing me about $40 or so in shipping costs and about a month's time. The replacement lasted about a year before it just suddently stopped working. The unit is quiet, so I didn't notice that it quit working until I saw the temp was at 81. I wonder how long it was out before I noticed? Customer service has yet to respond to my inquiry - it's been about a week now. Bad product is matched by bad customer service.
1	I bought this iron about two years ago. I'm forever leaving water in it, even when it's off. Big mistake as it spits water, as well as the heating element doesn't work properly. Irons aren't made to take this abuse, and now I have to get another. However, I'll buy another just like this as I love the titanium finish on the soleplate. I can't tell you how many times I've used fusible fabric, and it never stuck! Much better than any non-stick surface I've used. Wish I could get the iron repaired, as everything else works fine.
0	I would return this if I could. I thought this would have been a terrific razor considering the reviews. However, after a few months of use and switching blades (again, switching) I have noticed that one side shows more blade than the other...hence one side of the shave is "closer". Not sure what to do.
0	The word that I frist heard describing Kelly's new Album was edgey, and if by edgey you mean full of annoying guitar melody's then it is very edgey. The lyrics are fine, but they would have worked so much better if they were put the good music. Like I said the lead guitar is just overwhelming and annoying. Kelly Clarkson is famous because she is an amazing singer, and I don't want to hear her overshadowed with guitar melodies and overproduced background beats.
1	Wanted this book for several years--Gave up owning this book, due to being out of print with an extremely high resale price ($99.00 plus). Now that it is more reasonable - so I am now a very proud owner! This is a great addition to my collection of her books. She was my first "idol"!
1	My 21-month-old son adores this book. The illustrations are bright and cheerful. The story has fun sounds to make, and he learns to count throughout the book. A wonderful toddler book.
0	My husband bought me this tool in 2008 and it has the same fly-apart head construction that other reviewers describe. Mine even broke a window. The tool is so non-functional that I don't see how B&D could have put it on the market. They clearly didn't test it themselves. When it isn't flying apart, it consumes cutting line as if it were spaghetti. I would NOT buy another string trimmer from Black and Decker.
0	I purchased these salt and pepper shakers because they looked nice. They don't hold a lot of salt or pepper and the salt leaks out of the bottom. This was a bad purchase. I would not recommend them to anyone.
0	I got this doll for my 3 year old grandson, while he was playing with it, the very first day we got it, his leg snapped off. The joint broke completely, and he was not playing rough with it...just carrying it around, by the head no less. He tried to take the mask off and...*SNAP* the leg came off.
0	This is perhaps the fourth book by Ann Tyler that I have read and I realized after completing it, I continue to look for and hope for the bite, the razzle-dazzle keen eye she had for the human condition found in her earlier work.Alas, it isn't in The Amateur Marriage. This book has a cast of completely forgetable and unlikable characters, mundane plotlines and conflict, and no real developmental arc to any of them. If this is her subtle metaphor for life and marriage, well, thanks, but that's not my experience and that's certainly not why I shell out 25 bucks to read fiction! I like real life portrayed presented through the language of a gifted wordsmith--someone who can take "ordinary" and hold it up as extaordinary--she's done that before! Life's too short and I'll probably not waste another minute of it wading through another Anne Tyler novel.
0	This tripod is easy to setup for hands-free shower usage, but the nozzle hangs too low for stand-up showers. In part because I've hacked in a much better shower head for the Zodi hose that hangs even lower, I also had to hack an extension for the upright to get the entire rig to hang just above my head (I'm 5'10; thankfully my shower hut is 7' :). If you need to raise the curved piece, a piece of 3/4" white PVC tubing slides right over the tubes with enough support for the top piece and the shower head, without throwing off the tripod balance too badly.Also, on first assembly, we found how poorly the curved piece at the top was welded to the supporting upright; it came off in my hands with very little pressure applied (the other reason why the PVC sleeve became necessary; I have no welding facilities, and didn't think solder would be as strong as I needed.)It looks good in principle, but the low height and cheap manufacture work against it in my books.
0	Like I said in my review of the season one box set......DON'T BUY IT, IT IS NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!!Update: Reported by ICv2 in April 2010, Toei is now offering all 200 episodes refurbished of the series for internatioal soliction( I don't know if they included the two specials and the three movies though(please have someone answer that part)). Sorry it came so late.
1	Very good study Bible. McCarthur is very diligent in studying the Bible and all types of resources surrounding it such as history, Greek, Hebrew, other Christian works, secular works, etc. Not a big fan of NASB or NKJV of the Bible, though many prefer them. In some cases the reading is more difficult. For example (NASB then KJV) magi-wise men, dissipation-riot, sordid-filthy, diadems-crowns. Obviously there are examples where the opposite is true also. Another place to look at some NASB changes is hissheep.org. A good, understandable KJV non-study Bible is the Defined King James Bible by Bibles for Today. Hardcovers are reasonably priced. Anyway the McCarthur Bible is a good and informative study Bible.
0	I could not get interested and eventually gave up. There are too many good books to read without wAsting time on this.
0	I bought this book without very high expectations, because it was apparently published originally as a mass-market paperback. But I'd been told it had a hi-tech cave-diving theme, and it did turn out to mention several cave-divers I know. (But the scene is really a flooded mine.) It's not a mystery; you find out whodunit on the first page of the first chapter. I guess it's a suspense thriller. I found it readable, but the author's inclusion of lots of unnecessary facts in an effort to show off his research skills did get a bit tiresome. The author is better at technology than character development.
0	Absolutely disappointingcant pour out of carafe without a total mess on counter top talk about frustrating...I would rather wait a couple minutes longer for brewing than to have half of it on my counter ... never will i own a Bunn again ,,, mistake ...
1	What can I say? Rochelle has yet to disappoint me in the things she's written. I truly enjoyed the Hideway Saga and this after not reading a romance novel in over 20 years.
0	This seems to be well made but I have a 4 month old toy poodle. Weighs 3.2 pounds. She gets over this. Not good for any dog since they don't come too much smaller than mine
1	This is a nice mid level hat. For the 12 bucks I paid, I certainly am happy with the hat. It seems well made and should last me the entire baseball season (I play on an adult baseball team with the Indians as our mascot). If you are wearing it casually, I'm sure it would last several years.
0	Here's all he should have put in this book, "You can do it" because that's all I found. Very little in this book was helpful to me, maybe that's because I didn't want to read a book that only talked about how great the author was and how you can do it too. Mind you, he didn't actually tell you how, but he told you he was going to, up until the end of the book.
1	This is a great product. I've purchased several of these in different sizes. I bought one of the larger ones which was a little too heavy for me to manage so I have multiple smaller ones. They're easy to use and go right into the dishwasher.
0	If you need help choosing and interviewing doctors, mid-wives, nannies, etc., there are many pages dedicated to helping you do so. However, I felt this did not apply to me personally. Also, there aren't enough blank spaces to take notes, just a few lines. I was expecting more space to take day-to-day notes. I ended up buying another journal after using this for a week.
1	I love this sink and wish I had bought it years earlier. It was so easy to install. I would recommend this product to anyone who wants a single bowl sink. I also like how deep it is.
0	I watched the preview and decided to rent this from iTunes. That was a big mistake... I remember thinking that the preview probably was the best part of the movie, and sure enough... You'd need an army of disbelief to suspend to make this even plausible.This could have been fun, if it had gone campy and not tried to take itself serious... but NO! And don't even get me started on the ending.I just don't know what they were thinking... This disaster movie is a disaster!
1	My son soesn't like the variable nipple so I tried this one. He takes the bottle very well. Only problem is that it's hard to find at stores. So buy extras when found.
1	A Great read for those looking for the reason why to remember the Sabbath. This book is a classic. The body of the book shares why and how God calls us to a time of rest. Heschel's daughter's introduction shares how sacred this time was for her family growing up and the various ways they celebrated the Sabbath. I purchased the book to read a Jewish perspective on Sabbath from a beloved Jewish scholar and I was not disappointed.
1	Title said it all. I was able to install the Oxygen Sensor in less than 15 minutes and I'm not a mechanic. With the new sensor installed, I was able to reset my check engine light and passed CA smog test without any glitches.
1	The best money I have spent on my house. I put one in my second story laundry room and one next to my air handler, and I sleep much better now. The one in the laundry room has already alerted us to a splashing situation caused by an overfilled washer and I am sure it saved us more time and money than it cost.
0	Instead of 10-inch should be 9 1/2 inch. Should state skillet has humorous oblong shape instead of tired looking circular shape.
1	I found the aluminium frame a bit heavy and the handlebar not very confortable. Moreover I had to adjust brakes and shifts when I got it, and the instructions were not that usefull. Overall I think is a fair quality for the price.
0	Perhaps the worst computer product I've ever owned. Spent nearly four hours with a D-Link tech, a tech from my ISP and a tech from my satellite provider. None of them could get this thing to connect to my modem despite trying every imaginable configuration.Took it back to the store where I purchased it and traded it for an older and cheaper Linksys Wireles-G router that was up and running in 15 minutes.Normally I like D-Link products, but this one is junk. Avoid this router like the plague.
1	The entire "Best Karate" series by Master Nakayama are must have books for all Shotokan Karate students. . This is the first book in the series and is a must read by anyone who desires to learn the vital basic techniques of Shotokan karate. Basic blocks, punches, strikes and kicks are shown as well as how to flow from one technique to another. As anyone who has studied Shotokan karate knows, the basics are practiced in every training session.This book in combination with actual training under an instructor, will make you better at karate. In conclusion, if you are serious about learning true Shotokan karate, you will want this book.Rating: 5 Stars. Joseph J. Truncale (Author: Shotokan Karate Self-Defense Techniques: Combat Karate for the Street).
1	Well for a British movie of the 1970's, this one is not bad, this Zombie movie has it all, nudity, gore, suspense, a graveyard, non beliving cops, but the best part of it all is how the zombies come to life, it will make you laugh. Still it has momements of edge of your seat suspense and ripping bloody moments. It even has an introduction by the director of the movie who lets you know this is a movie that should cause you fear.
1	Tall, Dark & Hungry was another hot, sexy and funny book by Lynsay Sands.I loved Bastien and Terri, their story was amazing! And it was really great that Lucern and Kate (from the previous book) were present in this story as well. Planning their wedding sure didn't go smoothly LOLOh, and I just love Vincent, the somewhat strange cousin. I hope there will be a book about him cause I want to get to know him better.I'm curious to see who the next book will be about!
0	My kids listen to a very wide range of styles, but were not remotely interested in this CD.
1	With record snow in this area I needed to get the white stuff off my roof. This product is great! It is MUCH easier to use that a snow rake. I used a snow rake the week befor this arrived and my arms were killing me. This product was much easier on my arms. What a great design! The only downfall is the pastic chute can tear on the ice but tape fixed it quickly. And replacement chutes can be ordered.
1	My son asked for this software for Christmas last year, after he discovered the joy of stop-motion animation. Even with the limited camera placement options available with my laptop's built-in iSight camera, he enjoys making Legos and Hot Wheels zoom around the room.I have to imagine that software of this caliber would have cost professional animaters thousands of dollars just a few years ago, and I can hardly believe that we live in a time when it is inexpensive enough to serve to entertain a kid on a quiet evening.
0	This novel is tedious, redundant, and utterly boring. Irving is one of my favorite writers of all time: Cider House Rules is by far his best with interesting characters and profound social commentary. Hotel New Hampshire and World According to Garp are incredible. A Widow for One Year is astoundingly well done and very entertaining. This one blows!
1	A fun and entertaining family movie that is sure to please all. Something that you must watch every Christmas season.
0	All they doing is adding a $1.00 new feature and asking us to pay the $50.00 for it. If they dont change their strategy soon than it's bye bye for them. I will not buy any other games from EA until they make worth while.
0	Having a very bad hand, these pens are perfect for me. But the ones I bought on line seem to be much more cheaply made than the ones I bought at a local store. They fell apart from being carried in my purse. I do, however, love the colors.If you can find these in stores, I think they are better but the overall design of the pens makes writing much more comfortable.
0	I think I liked this stuff better 10 years ago when it was a wee bit more original and fresh. Hopelessly derivitive. And they deny it! At least STP admits their influences. Creed , please go back to Florida and play again at Disney or wherever.
0	I dont recall hearing much Yo Yo Ma during what I could take of the CD. Yelling and screaming followed by passages of instruments with unlistenable melodies. Every CD has songs that arent as listenable as the others. But thats ALL this disc offers. I was angry at myself for havinng paid money for it. Had I the opportunity to listen before I bought, I would not have bought this. I sometimes enjoy listening to the SDTK from Crouching Tiger, Flying Daggers, Hero, or other films when practicing martial arts. I was expecting more of that. I got none of it. Even the last track on this CD is a partial lift from the Crouching Tiger disk! its not even the whole song!! Thats the only track I recognized Cello from.I want my money back
1	Having just moved here, I needed a book that would take me to out-of-the-way, non-touristy hikes. This one does it. The only drawback is that the directions to the trailheads are not as detailed as I would like.
1	I bought this last year for my daughter when she switched to a dual-mode booster seat in hopes of providing additional protection for the car from the car seat. I had previously used several variations of a car seat protector but none offered the same type of stiffness as this one. It offers a little more protection than the softer ones. The bottom pad has a slight lip that curls up which I found has caught some crumbs from my daughter's snacking. With small children, crumbs are invitable but it was nice to see that the seat protector caught some of the crumbs too. My 9 month old son is still rear facing but using the softer seat protectors which flop down at his feet. If I had it all do over again, I would have purchased this from the beginning.
1	These fit the Brew N' Go well, but could stand to be a little bit taller. I like to use a lot of fairly coarsely ground coffee to make a cup, which means that my minimum volume of grounds is the maximum this filter can carry. Another half inch or even an inch would make a huge difference - there's certainly space in the coffee maker for it!If you're a normal coffee drinker, though, using fewer, finer grounds, this is an excellent choice for you.
1	I did not need any other book on AutoLISP programming - This book went with me anywhere I did - the toilet , my bed , my computer desk. It DID NOT teach DCL programming so I bought another (by Christian Immler). If you want to see what I used AutoLISP for - check the website mentioned below. If you can get the book it - DO IT ...
1	This book is well executed, brilliant and revolutionary. However unrealistic it may be- it still shows great evolution of the character and his attributes and fulfills a primitive need for warfare and the birth of an epiphany after you read it. A great book almost all-around; it also lacks Card's religious outlook which shows his massive strength as a writer.
0	My 5 1/2 month old monster who is 28 inches long cant even touch the floor with the walker on its lowest setting. He is interested in the toys for about 5 min and then gets bored so the only way to keep him interested is to put a different toy on the tray. I would not suggest this walker to anyone.!!!!
1	EVERY CD "SELENA" EVER MADE WILL ALWAYS BE A BIG HIT BECAUSE EVEN THOUGH SHE NOT HERE WITH US SHE IS SHINING FROM UP ABOVE AND SMILING AT ALL THOSE WHO WERE TRULY HER FANS AND HER NEW ONES TOO. YOU'LL ENJOY ALL OF HER CD THAT'S A GUARENTEE. ALWAYS REMEMBERED "SELENA", -CLAUDIA-
1	This is not a lightweight machine and its battery life is a little over 2 hours. And it gets rather warm, and the fan is a bit noisy. But if you want a powerful desktop-replacement computer with a wide, high-res display, plenty of RAM, a large hard disk, a fast processor and all the bells and whistles (ethernet card, wireless, DVD/CD-RW, USB, firewire, etc...) and don't plan to carry it everywhere or use it on 7-hour flights, it's an excellent machine. I've been using it for 6 months. The first thing I did was repartition and put linux on it, and everything works fine under linux, except the modem (a winmodem, as usual), maybe that can be made to work too but I haven't tried since I don't really need it.
0	I installed one of these on my '02 Maxima a couple of years ago. Even after bleeding the system perfectly, my car still whines like an old Ford Grenada in parking lots. I really recommend spending the extra money for the factory Nissan hose instead of trying to save money with this one. This hose does seem to do the job though, and so far my power steering pump hasn't failed, but I can't imagine the noise it's making is good for it.
1	This is a grander view of Yosemite like you've never seen it before.Having just watched this, I can truly say that Blu-ray picture qualityjust doesn't get any better than this. Almost every scene is amasterpiece by veteran nature photographer Bob Glusic. Not only are allof the well-known landmarks of Yosemite featured here, but many backcountry areas of exquisite beauty fill this disc. Snow, ice, flowers,wildlife, walking along trails and river banks abound here - but unlikeother national park videos you've seen, you rarely see people. Nolodges, crowded trails, shops, cars - just the wilderness that gives youa feeling of solitude and being one with nature. You can choose tolisten to a narrative description and great music, or just ambientsounds.
0	I read this a while ago, and was thoroughly unimpressed. The plot is disjointed, the characterization nonexistent, the prose style clunky, and the book's attitude on gender relations is irritating and simplistic. Perhpas she had some interesting ideas in there, however, strangely enough (perhaps due to the clunky prose style) they all came off as shallow and undeveloped. Maybe some of her other work is better, but I wouldn't know, as I've never picked up another Tepper book since.
0	As an associate of the Jesus Seminar I was disappointed by this debate. The two spoke past each other.Craig was impressive in presenting what he believes to constitute evidence for the historicity of the Gospels. However, if Crossan is right and the Gospels were never intended to be historical documents but, rather, metaphorical prose, Craig's efforts are as useful as arguing for the historicity of the little boy who cried wolf. He does it well, but so what?Because this matter was not adequately addressed, this debate was little more than two impressive scholars ignoring each other and making interesting speeches.
1	I found Free to Learn insightful, as the authors navigate through several different charter school success stories, highlighting inefficiencies in public schools and the mechanisms that allow charter schools to more adequately handle these situations, without superfluously extolling virtue. Yan and Izumi deftly touch upon both commonalities and differences between these successful charters - emphasizing the fact that there is no "one size fits all" solution. Yet, comparisons with non-successful charters are included for a balanced viewpoint. Lastly, the personal stories of those students lives affected or the principals and teachers driving positive change give this policy book a very human feel.
0	thought it was a great idea but they leak and the ones with the straw fall apart easily, the clasp the holds the lid shut came off after only one use.
1	I just finished reading "Forget You Had a Daughter" by Sandra Gregory and I found it to be one scary book. Young people take a lot of chances and this young lady took one too - big mistake. She should have just called home and asked her parents for money. That's what parents are there for (I'm a parent, and I know!). I enjoyed the book immensely and felt badly for the author who lost a lot of years in her young life to prison. Glad that she's doing well now and has moved on! On a lighter note, my daughter walked past the book on my dresser and was very hurt to think that I would read a book about trying to forget that I had her. I had to explain the title to her and I also had to interject a life lesson about the potential dangers of traveling abroad with drugs. I think she was sorry she brought the whole subject up!
0	Montreal, 7 February 2012.I made a mistake when I ordered this DVD.In this DVD Pastor Mike Hoggard makes extensive comments and describes links of activities of theBilderberg group with themes found in the Bible.I was disappointed because I thought the DVD would be a documentary on present and past activities of the secretive Bilderberg group.This DVD was of no interest to me.J.C.Chirgwin
1	Cooke has given the church a powerful tool for change. Realistically speaking, today's church is not radically changing the lives of its people. Cooke has discovered and patterned the key to life-changing Christianity as portrayed in the early church. This is a book that every Christian leader should read - and put to practice!
0	This Game is definitely not a game that i would recommend. The graphics are horrible and its completely outdated. The achievements are impossible, and the game itself is just terrible. Save your money, don't buy it. But if you really want to get the achievements, than buy the game for like 3 or 5 bucks. Good luck.
1	This is really not a bad book. I realize that he is manipulating his name and writing with intent to eventually make money off of a Hollywood box office hit but this story makes you think. His past books didn't really do that. Homelessness is running rampant all of our country and the majority of the U.S population (270 million) don't think twice about it, only that they don't wish this terrible misfortune to fall upon them. But many of these people didn't take to life on the streets because they wanted to. The reasons are diverse. Grisham is a good writer overall and I think for the first time he has attempted to make his large fanfare think about deeper issues than just about courtroom procedure, etc. I hope he continues on this track.
0	As many other reviewers have noted, this mount does NOT fit all or even most eTrex GPSrs. I bought this with my nice new eTrex 30, hoping I could mount it to my bike. Nope! Back doesn't come anywhere near fitting the new 10, 20, or 30 models. I think someone (?) should rewrite this ad to indicate exactly which models it DOES fit. And since the cost is low, it is not worth returning. I would hardly get enough to cover postage, and I don't love the USPS enough to just GIVE them my money! Sorry, Amazon, someone (you or Garmin) dropped the ball on this one!
0	Usually i don't like alien invasion stories since there are stereotypical and unsophisticated but i was willing to give this a chance. I was vastly dissapointed. Falling skies is an amalgam af the most clished ideas in science fiction tv (since we saw them many times before). Good heroic humans fight evil aliens. Add to this the unavoidable (these days) family drama between a father and a son, the stereotypical character of a "heroic" commander and a totally clished aproach to human emotions and you have one of the most boring science fiction tv series of the last 20 years (at least). But ofcourse there is also Terra Nova which is even worst!
1	I have a 4 year old and 6 year old. Both boys. This is just about the ONLY game they have which they will both play together, for long periods of time, without adult input.The only downside? The balls included with the game too often find their way to other uses ... or under the sofa.... but if you've got two young children of different ages, I highly recommend this game.
1	Awesome! I don't remember this movie coming out in theatres so it must not have done well. I thought it was funny through out especially if you never got to go on Spring Break and would go if you had the opporunity to party with the college kids.
1	I'd just like to say that the author who supposedly wrote the other book that is similar to Endgame ought to shut up. It's wrong to rate a book with 1 star when you haven't even read it!!! I don't think Nancy Garden woke up one day and said, "You know, I should copy the author of Shooter. Yeah, that's a great idea." By the way, who says that you didn't copy Nancy Garden?
1	In comparison to most novels, this perhaps deserves more than 4 stars. But in comparison to Marillier's other novels, I have to own I was a bit disappointed.The story does draw you in and hold you, but the expectations created by the Sevenwaters Trilogy didn't quite hold up.
1	I love this boat. It is great for small lakes and fishing. i also love breaking the waves on the beach with it. it has very thick pvc for its price too! I recommend this boat for everyone!!!There is no complaints for this boat for the price.
1	These are an amazing set of coloring dyes. I've used wilton dyes and they are a pain. You have to use something to get the dye out but make sure no food gets into the coloring. These dyes are much, much easier to use, just squeeze the bottle. There is no mess at all and you can have more control over how much color you add. Also these squeeze bottle's make it easier to repeat the colors more accuratly just count the drop's.
0	After using the strips a few times, and pumping and dumping during those sessions after drinking 1-2 drinks, I decided to try it to see if it would detect any alcohol the following morning (10 hours after my second glass of white wine the preceding evening). It turned dark green-blue, indicating that I had a significant amount of alcohol in my milk. No way. The instructions do admit the test is ultrasensitive, sometimes being affected even by vapors in the air...but even in the absence of cleaning products or other sources of alcohol in the area, it still is way too sensitive in my opinion. I agree with a previous reviewer...use common sense, and wait the 3 hours for each drink consumed. This test is too expensive and too sensitive to be useful in my opinion.
0	Too many innacurate facts. I recommend "Beyond Band of Brothers" by the man himself, Dick Winters. I don't think he totally approved of "Biggest Brother".
1	Though there are disparaging reviews about this book, and I can understand their positions, I cannot agree with them. The knowledge in this book is extremely thorough and the slow presentation of information makes it more likely to be remembered when needed than from such books as Back to Basics or Storey's Basic Country Skills. I find that this retention is a great thing so that you do not always have to keep referenceing the book or kicking yourself when you go to buy your first sheep and cannot remember what you are supposed to look for.I also love the recipes. They are concise, easy to follow, and several are presented on any given page.
1	This thermometer is easy to read, floats in the tank, and appears to accurately tell the temperature. The issues that I have had with it are: 1) it is glass, and my turtles have actually bitten the thermometer causing it to shatter inside the tank. This left little glass shards in the water. I imagine this wouldn't be a problem if you just have fish. 2) The suction cup eventually wore out and stopped holding the thermometer to the tank. Now it floats around and I can't read it without taking it out of the water.
0	I was very disappointed in this book. It gives a brief summary of the workings of Access, which I already knew. However, it is very skimpy on the technical details involved in publishing a database to the web. There has to be better books out there, somewhere.
1	This is the best trimmer I have used. When on 'turbo' mode, the vacuum catches almost all hair.
0	How I really wanted to enjoy this little film. I think everybody else has pretty much nailed the faults of the production pretty well. I really have nothing new to say other than yes its worth a watch, if nothing else than for curiosity, but its really really not that good.
1	This book is great! The storyline doesn't justify the genious within the works. This is the second book of Chuck's I have read (The first being Fight Club) and it is a masterpiece. I was a little disappointed with the end, as I was with the end of Fight Club, but I couldn't come up with a better solution. I loved the ghetto lifestyle of Misty and her family, because it's much more real than what most other books try to display as the "typical family". I also was fascinated by the character of Peter and his dirty little secret. I have to say, this is the only book where I actually despised the daughter, Tabby! Urgh! Seriously though, at least check this book out of the library and give it a try, I think it will be worth your time!
0	A year ago I replaced a fan switch with one of those dial-timer switches which was very easy to install. I thought this switch looked a lot better and the quiet operation sounded great also so I purchased it. According to the manufacturer's website, most new house's electrical systems include a neutral wire configurations and since my house is one year old it did not occur to me check before ordering. My configuration only has a 3-wire setup and without the neutral wire, the timer won't work. One of my friend's is an electrician so I called him and he said that generally only timers for HVAC systems in residential building have a neutral wire setup. So before you order, verify that your existing setup has a neutral wire, because it probably does not.
0	I bought this book for myself when I was about 4 months pregnant, and thought that it was the worst book in the world for a pregnant woman to read!! I really hated the part where she said that when my husband told me that I was still beautiful that he was lying and when my friends said that they couldn't tell that I was pregnant, that they were just being nice. From what I understand, this woman is not a doctor, and I certainly wouldn't want her as a 'girlfriend'. There are MUCH better books to be read of there.
0	1. What took Boba Fett so long to get to Tatooine? People who left hours after him were hanging around waiting for him for days.2. How did Luke almost never think of just what happened to him on cloud city?3. Why was Leia making out with the head of the biggest baddest cruelest criminal organization?4. What is Lando doing cooking?5. Why is Jabba making deals with another crime organization?6. Why did Vader no go to Jabba's palace and wait for Luke. Vader knows that Capt. Solo is in Jabba's palace and that Luke will try to go rescue him, duh?7. And why was Xixmor listening in on the emperor's conversation with Vader?8. And please....would the Emperor ever dispose of Vader over some tough thug? Vader killed almost every Jedi in the galaxy except for 2 who had to hide out.9. I think they should try one more time to write this book. the idea was good, the story was not.
1	This could be my favorite of Lanterna's releases. It seems to expand on the cinematic soundscapes of their previous voyages and continue into some new frontier. This album feels like more of a band effort than Lanterna's Sands CD with more drums and bass playing. It lifts you up right from the start and also allows you to drift along with the open vastness that songs like "Hope" provide. I'd really like to give it 4.5 stars.
0	I purchased 2 of these, one for a gift and one for myself. It was so well recieved as a gift and I love mine. Good for coffee, hot chocolate, salad dressings, anything that is light and needs a little whip. I then purchased 4 more to given as Mother Day gifts. Great kitchen tool.
0	We got this for our baby. Some of the plastic parts that are glued on fell off immediately after first use. We returned it for a refund. I would avoid this.
1	I purchased three of these from another vendor through Amazon for less than the combined price + shipping charged by this merchant. I just got them so too soon to rate the performance and hopefully I'll never have a power surge to test them.
1	Always enjoy these cute stories. Just enough suspense to keep you reading..but cute. I love the main characters and their interaction with each other. I've read the whole series and have not been disappointed yet.
0	The only problem with this product is it only sticks on glass, not any other smooth surface. Other than that, it is fine.
1	This book was very interesting. Usually I don't like reading but this book made me want to keep on going. It was a little sad but always intriguing to find out what happens next. Dean Koontz words were always welling to pull you in when least expected. He is a great author. I never really read one of his books until now and I regretted what I was missing.
1	Just one of these tools with Dremel brand name is $15 at the store. This product works just as well at a fraction of the price. I received them in just a couple of days and free shipping.....you can't beat that!!
0	I have to say that this is one of the worst books I have ever read. I found the book to be disjointed, confusing, and extremely slow. There was not sufficient character development so I never got to the point of really empathizing or sympathizing with any of them. I really feel that the theme of the book had so much promise and was never explored thoroughly. A simple story with conversation would have been a more satisfying read than the way the author chose to tell the story. A definite thumbs down.!
0	The first three books of the Earthsea Trilogy were phenomenal. They were stirring high fantasy that stand as masterpieces. Then Tehanu came out and collapsed the whole thing.I don't know what issues the author was struggling with, but it would seem that the tone of the book is one of bitterness. Judging by the harsh tones toward men, I can only assume a divorce or death. It is unfortunate, if this is the case, that the author could not filter her pain in a more creative manner, instead of wearing it like an open wound.I am very disappointed in what destroyed a wonderful series.
0	After having spent almost twice the money for this book than Alan's "Million Dollar Consulting", I found little to no new information. Take my advice: buy a copy of Alan's wonderful "Million Dollar Consulting" and spend the savings elsewhere in your practice. Good luck.
0	This item is without a doubt the worst waste of money in my life. I threw it into the trash. I rate it no stars.
0	I haven't listened to every song on this CD. However, I have heard "Ready to Run", "I Love You", and "Maneater". All of them are good. However,the most important song of all is missing: "Every Breath You Take" by the Police. It relates very well to the movie and was even on VH1's list of the 100 Greatest Rock and Roll Songs of All Time. So why did it fail to appear on this album? I was considering buying this CD, but now I see that my money would be wasted.
1	A great, riveting, not-so-ficitonal novel of the current immigration situation and America's place in the world today. It is almost as if the world took note from this book in the events that have been happening. The government could use this book as a potential threat primer. Detailed, non-stop action from an author that has put serious energy into his writing. If you like Tom Clancy, this is much better, and very relevant to our current times.
1	this knife is amazing. love the finish on the blade. handle is comfortable and gives excellent grip. for me the rope cutter isnt all that useful but for others it might be. clip is a little tight but that should fix itself over time. opens quickly and is very crisp. blade comes shaving sharp. my only complaint is that its blade has a fair amount of play which i fixed by tightening the pivot this causes it to be hard to open but it u put some marvels mystery oil on the pivot and work it a little it gets silky smooth
0	Stephen Louis Brusatte (b. April 24, 1984 in Ottawa, Illinois), is a young American paleontologist.He is the author of the 2002 book Stately Fossils: A Comprehensive Look at the State Fossils and Other Official Fossils. Brusatte has additionally authored several scientific papers as well as over 100 popular articles for magazines such as Fossil News, Dino Press, Dinosaur World, and Prehistoric Times. Upon completion of a B.S. in geophysical sciences at the University of Chicago in 2006, Brusatte was awarded a Marshall Scholarship to study at the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom.
0	I purchased this set of Chinese Checkers for my octogenerian mom, who always loved this game. I was disappointed in the quality of the pegs. They are plastic and shallow and tend to slip out of their holes during play.
0	Okay, this is getting out of hand. My girlfriend's daughter started lessons, and the teacher said to go buy this book. So I pick it up WITH THE CD. Oh no giant mistake. Each track on the cd (gee, only 150 tracks) has no "count." Useless. Guess when the track starts. Now? How about now? Oops, you missed it. What a hunk of junk. A waste of $20. "Corporate" America at its finest.
0	The Juicer leaked badly on the first use, and then went crazy and started spinning in a rough way on the kitchen countertop causing breaking several glassware and causing terror to my wife and kids. I rushed to unplug the wire but it kept spinning and shaking in strange way for 5 more minutes. Product is not just unsafe; it's dangerous and should be banned from being sold to the general public.I will contact my congresswomen to raise the issue of unsafe house appliances and equipment sold in the market with no federal supervision. I'm also looking into taking legal action against the company for damage done to my kitchen and kitchenware.
1	First, I love Shelby Foote. I have seen him as a commentator in many documentaries. I would love to give him a Five star rating for this treatise, but I can't . I am absorbed with the civil war, but I got bogged down in the minutiae of this account. Sorry. For a historian, it would be a great read! I'm not a historian and I prefer the writing style of Jeff Shaara.
0	Though it had alot of action scenes, the character development was bad and they talked so fast in the beggining you couldn't tell what they were saying. Since you couldn't get into the characters, the overload of action scenes was hard to get into.
1	Goodness deserves a much wider audience than it is presently enjoying. I have a wide range of tastes when it comes to music; I've also listened to a lot of it. Goodness is that rare band that delivers on all fronts: first-rate musicians, meaningful lyrics teamed with an incredible vocalist. Anthem is my first CD from the group but it certainly won't be my last! By all means- give them a listen! You'll enjoy it; they deserve it!
0	This is a great football, but it only last a short while. If you buy this make sure to not have anything even slightly pointy around because it'll scrape it and pieces would come off. Mine had a small outer chunk peel off right before hitting a tree branch and going flat :/ avoid trees!
0	The book is nonsense. If it was truly accepted as a doctoral dissertation, the University on Nantes has lowered its standing as an academy valuing truth. Interested readers are directed to Saul Friedlander's biography: Kurt Gerstein: The Ambiguity of Good (apparently OUP and not available from Amazon). Gerstein's account has been affirmed by, among others, some of the people who were there and were later tried (see Gitta Sereny's Into That Darkness for interviews with Franz Stangl and others). Finally, Yitzhak Arad's Belzec, Sobibor, Treblinka: The Operation Reinhard Death Camps gives a definitive look at these institutions.
1	Trying to find CD re-issues of those cherished 78rpm records, some a long time broken, can be difficult. Sometimes CD re-issues are of doubtful quality. 'Stan Kenton 1951' is excellent. Although not strictly serious in jazz terms this album contains many favourites from Stan's halcyon days. The gymnastic contortions of Maynard Ferguson's trumpet on 'Hot Canary' have been long sought and the crowning glory has to be 'Blues in Burlesque', Stan's tongue in cheek tribute to traditional jazz blues. These tracks in particular don't appear to have been re-issued anywhere else and are a joyous find for a true Kenton fan. Excellent sound reproduction makes this CD a 'must have'.
1	This CD recorded live in NY, at the Roseland (in 1999) is an EXCELLENT live CD. Most of the songs are ones we all love from George Gee, there are quite a few moderate tempo songs that are great to lindy hop (swing) to and frankie manning calling the shim sham is an added bonus - which is quite fun to listen to and follow along.
1	I just finished reading Evans' The American Prophecies and could not put it down. I found it extensively documented, compelling and a must read for Evangelical Christians seeking to make sense of our current world. Contrary to other reviewers I have read, I do not find Evans a man of hate, but someone who is deeply saddened by the world events he has witnessed and feels a moral responsibity to let others know the dangers we face. In doing this he is well-aware of the attacks that will come his way--but our faith demands sacrifice. Ignoring history in the name of political correctness has cost us so much. The tone of some of the negative reviews reveals much fear and confusion about what is happening right now. While Evans may not be correct about where we are in God's timeline (only God knows), he is brave about pointing out the signs--I just hope even one reader benefits from his "voice crying out in the wilderness."
1	Super Smash Bros. is the greatest fighting game ever! It,s non-violent, it's fun, it's funny and it's multiplayer is awesome! It's a great game to play when you have friends over. It's one player mode starts to get boring after the first 100 times you beat it, but it's multiplayer mode is always fun. I highly recomend it to everyone.BUY IT!!!!!!
1	Probably the best tropical orchestra in Latin America. They have recently released their 100th production making it the number one orchestra with that many albums in the world. you will enjoy everything from merengue, salsa, cumbia and all the up to date rythms. I highly recomend any production from Los Melodicos
0	After reading the Da Vinci Code I thought that Dan Brown had something special which lacked in other fictional authors. I started reading Angels and Demons and it just did not hold my interest at all. The main problem is that it jumps right into the plot without developing the characters. It also mixes like a thousand plots at the same time. I didnt even read further than page 100.
1	I have been trying to learn Spanish, so I began watching some telenovelas. "Corazon Salvaje" (Wild Heart) is one of my favorite television series, I love it. However, I realize from the reviews on here that the dvd is very chopped up and edited, that is why I will not buy it."Corazon Salvaje" could get divided into three dvd sets. The first set would contain the first 27 episodes, and the same with the second and third, since if I remember correctly it has 81 episodes in all. These box sets can be released consecutively, several months apart from each other. Of course all with English subtitles.Hopefully "Corazon Salvaje" will get released in its complete form, soon. Please!
0	This thing fell apart after less than a year of use. First, it developed a leak where it mounts to the faucet. That happened at around 3-4 months of usage. Then, the chrome colored bottom piece where the water comes out fell off, so it was chrome finish on top and black on the bottom. That happened at about 4-5 months. Then, it simultaneously developed a much larger crack where the filter rotates and two pin-sized holes on the visual indicator window, so water would spray everywhere when I turned the filter on and even when I wasn't using the filter. That happened at around 6 months rendering this p.o.s. completely useless. It was as if it had been run over by an 18 wheeler, not just sitting on my sink. This could possibly be the worst product I may have ever purchased. Check my other reviews, I can usually find something good to say about a product, but I am completely dissatisfied with this one. I would not recommend this product to anyone, ever.
1	we bought this for our 9 year old for his birthday. he loves it! when we read the reviews on it the others said that it was noisy. we have found that it is not that bad, you can tell it is there at first but after awhile you dont even pay it any attention. this saturday we take out the finished product and i think i am just as excited as he is.
1	At first, I felt like I was watching "Investigative Reports" on A&E. You know, interesting, but not engaging. However, it wasn't until 1/2 hour into the film, that I realized how involved I had actually gotten. I couldn't turn it off, and I was anxiously riveted to my sofa to find out "whodunnit." Congratulations to these two independent filmmakers for a job well done!
1	Stephen White has written a very tight and well paced story. The characters, especially Alan, are interesting and compelling right from the beginning. It's clear that the author knows of what he writes, which lends a great air of reality to the whole story. I loved the ending...surprising, action-packed and lots of fun to read.If possible, I'd read this book before White's others just because many of the characters in this novel re-appear throughout the series.
0	Basically, this is the story of 22 year old Ariel, and how she tries to make it in the big city after graduating from college. She ends up temping while writing a "trials and tribulations" (read "sex") column in a local paper. A premise that could have been funny ends up being slightly boring. Ariel tries to appear as a bad girl, using phrases like "he ground my beef", but ends up having to make up the dirtiest parts of her column. And then, when she gets notoriety, the way she wanted, she whines about it. I just couldn't really care about the character of Ariel at all.For a more entertaining, and less graphic, story about trying to make it in the big city and failed hopes, try reading "In the Drink" by Christiansen. As for this being "the thinking person's Bridget Jones" (yes, it says that on the back cover), I beg to disagree. These are very different books. Bridget is purely trying to entertain. Don't ask me what Ariel is trying to do, but she certainly didn't manage to entertain.
0	Taste was ok, but didn't like the little floating peices of glycerol(I think thats what they were) throughout it and really bad once you got to the bottom. Didn't see much difference from this from Kre-akalyn, my previous creatine. Although didn't get that long to test it, only used for about 10 days until i accidentally left it in my car and the extreme heat of the day hardened and ruined it(Leaving in my car does nothing to my NO-Xplode, so assumed this would be fine but was very wrong). After that my brother and I tried to use it for a couple more days, each day we got horrible, horrible stomach aches and pains from it. DO NOT LEAVE THIS IN HIGH HEAT.
0	Bought this to replace a cordless Shark thinking the reviews made it sound even better. It will be back to the Shark for us. This picks up hair, but leaves most heavier items (like sidewalk salt or sand) right where the vacuum is shut off (you learn to not shut it off until you are over the garbage can)...if, in fact, it doesn't just leave it on the floor in slightly smaller pieces. We bought it for quick clean ups on smooth surfaces, so it has not been asked to do the job of a better vacuum. I should have spent $10.00 more and had something usable.
1	The glasses are bigger than what i thought they would be. They are light & do not tip over easily. They are my fav water glass now. They are great & bonus there are made in the USA.
1	If you are a fan of Heather Graham fan it is on of her typical movies cute and funny but not very original. If you are a fan like me you will love it.
1	I must agree with my friend from Forest Hills, New York. The ending does make you scratch your head a piece. However, I have read The Butterfly Hunter and The Japanese Corpse, and this is the man's style for sure. However, I have always detected something very very unusual in his work and something very very American here. The work rings of Heinrich Boll in places, but something intuitive tells me otherwise. You may find the vulgar racial resonations of Det. Grijpstra's work associates uninspiring, but alas.I've always wondered what happened to Frank Serpico. He did vanish to the same part of the world as Van De Wetering, and he was fond of this kind of urban detective fiction. But maybe this is reaching . . . but not as reaching as the ending of this book. I enjoyed it none the less.
1	BUCKETHEAD IS THE WORLDS MOST DANGEROUS GUITARIST. EVERY ALBUM HAS 30-40 MINUTES OF GREAT MUSIC FEATURING HIS GUITAR & BASS ALONG WITH TALENTED SIDEMEN LIKE LES CLAYPOOL & BRAIN FROM PRIMUS. THE REST OF THE CD IS USUALLY SILLY POEMS AND GOOFY SOUND DROPS. INCONSISTANT BUT SOMETIMES BRILLIANT.
0	Bought this to install in a 2000 Ford Focus. Does NOT fit !!! Best Buy charged me three times the price for the correct part. According to their reference guide, which was from the same manufacture as this one, my Focus required an Audi/VW/European. I second guessed the kid at the store, but he told me that this is the part number it calls for. It fit and works perfectly. When you remove your old car stereo, you'll find a MALE connection on the end of your antenna. This part also comes equipped with a MALE end which will NOT connect. Make sure it's a FEMALE or you'll be throwing away $8.00 like me.
1	Since when are "moral values" something to debate when giving a review for a toy!?! It's a doll. If you don't find it appropriate, don't buy it. It doesn't matter what anyone else does either!! Meygan and the rest of the Bratz Secret Date dolls are a great toy for the mystery of not knowing which doll is included in the other half of the package There's no other hidden, immoral message iherent in the toy unless someone gives it meaning. I say, let girls have fun imagining their futures. It's up the grownups in their lives (NOT a toy company) to instill values.
1	Paul Henning is one of the most underrated television producers. "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Petticoat Junction", along with "Green Acres", are among the great sitcoms not only from the 1960s but of all-time. I only wish a nice set of DVDs like "Green Acres" would be offered for "The Beverly Hillbillies" and "Petticoat Junction". It would be nice to have all these shows in my DVD collection.
1	Before I purchased this product did some research on the ingredients: "Chromium Picolinate" in Google and found lot of good articles. After being convinced, started using for the last 2 weeks and feel that the Sugar levels are under control.
1	This is my favorite daily devotional book that I have ever used. Ms. Young phrases it in such a personal way, and yet, all according to His Word. I have had one over a year, and have given copies to my daughter and a friend. I love the way this edition is bound in beautiful tooled leather.
1	I just received this CD in the mail today, and I absolutely love it. Anita's clear soprano vocals seem to pierce through the emotions of the listener. I would seriously reccomend this to anyone, and I believe that Anita does not get the recognition she deserves as the amazing vocalist that she was. This album is just Anita, in all her glory. Also, if you're a Helen Carter fan like me, she's on here too helping Anita out on some of the songs. Buy it, it's great!
0	it doesn't even rotate i just received it today, and i flicked it on and it didn't rotate, i tried to look if there was a buttuon to turn on rotation but nothing. Im disappointed and i am returning this item
1	I used this book for a recent 3-day trip to Lisbon. The maps in the back are really helpful, but the info in here wasn't as good as other books in this series. It made it difficult to really get a coherent sense of the area before arriving. Still, it makes a good reference for a short trip and the small size makes it great for carrying around.
0	I had a hard time taking this book seriously, as it is full of false logic and disinformation. No sources are cited, at least not in my edition, leading me to wonder where he learned how pregnancy feels for all women. Like much of his work that I read, I found more false premises here than actual facts.
0	My toddler fell in love w/ this lamp. Every night he goes to sleep watching the fish swim round and round. I wanted to buy replacement bulbs before the original bulb would go out. My husband took a look at it and said it seemed to be glued in, but couldn't find a wattage number on it or any info. So I emailed the manufacturer and this was his reply:I apologize. Those fish lamp do not have replacement light bulbs.Once those light bulb are out and It will be best to buy another one.Because, changing light bulb would need some tech issue and we do notrecommend it.Needless to say, I was extremely disappointed. Had I known this, I would have never purchased the lamp. I dread the night it goes out and I have to contend w/ my son's tears. Now I'm in the process of looking for a similar lamp w/ REPLACEMENT bulbs.
0	It was great while it worked.... quiet and efficient. after one summer's use (appx 6 months) we put the unit away and pulled it out again to find that it wasn't drawing any water out from the air. called customer service and they stated it is a compressor problem and that i need to find a repair person on my own to have it fixed since it was past the one year warranty. the repair person suggested we junk the unit and buy something else with an extended warranty. very disappointed with the unit and their customer service.
0	I ordered this bedding set for my son, I hate it. It is very cute, but when I washed it, it got faded and fell apart. This set is not worth your money..........
0	I could barely get through this book. It was dull, plodding, and made little sense. The main character is a mother who seems to be everywhere but where she is supposed to be, and doesn't seem to know where she's going...although her children try to keep her on track, it doesn't seem as if she cares or even pays attention. Not a good "southern" novel in my opinion, and a difficult, not really enjoyable read.
0	This DVD looks nice and all but is horrible because it skips and stuff after the first time I watched it. Thumbs down.
1	- Here is a nice link to compare the brightness of the Planetbike lights:[...]- The plastic mount for helmet was broken when I tried to tight it on my helmet...Good thing is they sell the replacement parts for $3: [...]. So, don't do the same mistake i made...- I mounted on the bike, it is definitely more than " to be seen " light. At the angle I mounted light comes to my eyes...you might consider to put an opaque tape to block the light or change the mounting angle- I didnt like the switch. It is a little bit too stiff and if you push it too hard you may break the bike mount.Make sure to counterbalance the downward force you are applying by holding the mount from the opposite side of the switch..Perhaps you shouldnt do this while biking.
0	This is the first Peter Jenkins book I have read and I was a bit disappointed. There are some good Alaska moments here, but they are drowned out by Jenkins' personal reminiscences. If I wanted to hear about how melancholy he is about his daughter growing up and moving away I would have bought a different book. I wanted to read about Alaska-- and I found too little of that in this book. (For the record, I lived in Fairbanks for 3 years-- I was looking for the quirkiness and beauty that I remember from Alaska in this book. It wasn't there).
0	I waited to get enough money to buy this game and I was disapointed. I have had it for a week and it isn't getting better. Its like doing the same screens over and over.If you run out of emotion and need to use like say,fire. You have to start over.Get any other Mario game and you will be happy. But this is like a baby game.
0	My under-the-cabinet can opener was good, but it didn't open big coffee cans well. When it finally stopped working, I purchased this one because it said it opened any size can, and it is a good name machine. It is horrible. The cutter falls off easily and it takes a couple of trys to get it started opening the can. I am throwing it out and buying something else.
0	Although the product didn't work when we got it. We did love the size.. and Amazon service is the BEST. Returning it was EASY! Thanks Amazon.
1	Love this product. You can set your favorite radio stations and set the timer to shut it off, so you can continue listening after you're out of the shower. Battery strength indicator is helpful.
0	Not sure what happened - this album just isn't on par with their other releases. Doesn't have the feeling of the other albums, many of the tracks cause me to reach for the skip track button as soon as I hear them. Not innovative, sometimes barely musical. If you're new to TWS, start with any other album or your experience with the band won't last long.
1	Christian Card Studio is truly this desktop publisher's delight. Creating and designing bulletins, programs and flyers for my church is one of my pastime hobbies. This program has enabled me to create some dynamic masterpieces. For Mother's Day, I was asked to design a Mother's Day Memory Journal and I had just purchase a copy of Christian Card Studio software. I exceeded my own expectations. The output was truly a work of art. I have received numerous request to create similar work. I had previously used several other Desktop Publishing software, but this software far exceed any of my existing software. Christian Card studio allows me to use existing verbiage and or add my own personal touch to pre-existing phrases. The artwork is absolutely outstanding. The ability to create a personal touch gives all of my artwork a more professional touch. I look forward to purchasing and using more Christian Card Studio software.
0	My Nephews are the Biggest Bob the Builder fans!! But this toy is the SMALLEST toy and definitely not worth the money!! If you want something to decorate the topy of a birthday cake with this MIGHT work although still a little small. Bob is only an inch high at the most. I wish I had listened to the other reviewer below who asked "Why does this cost so much for so little?"
1	A "claymation" Jesus? How's that going to work? Surprisingly well! While artistic license is taken (if you're looking for the real deal, read the New Testament), this ranks up there with films like Franco Zeffirelli's 1977 "Jesus of Nazareth" (seriously!). Caution to parents with young children: it has some very intense scenes and should defintely be viewed by parents FIRST. Well done, it was first shown on ABC Sunday night of Easter several years ago.
0	I'm not sure of Amazon's return policy, but the manufacturer's return policy is- if this dies on you (which mine did after less than 1 week of use) you have to buy a second one from them at whatever price you bought the first one for, and then ship the old one back, and then they will ship a new one, and then refund the second purchase amount. Ridiculous!
0	This is a compilation of newspaper articles of crimes. Very boring and repetitious. I was not able to finish it.
1	These were the only bottles I ever gave to my baby, so I'm not sure if she would have liked something better, but she seems to really like them now. She does seem to like the nipple shape and the air stays out of the tip. The only drawback is that they leak and squeak loud if you tighten the cap too tight. Overall, we are very happy with the Avent bottles and nipples, I probably wouldn't buy anything else.
1	I have had this game for a very short time and have already beat it once and I am on my way through it a second time.I said but bcs although this is a great game it could really be a bit longer and I didn't really find the bosses that hard to beat.But as far as the fun factor goes man this is addictive like I said I am playing it again and the second time through your guns get better and your armour gets better.In summary this game is a must have for your PSP collection,
0	My problems started with the unopenable package. Documentation and tech-support are lacking. The device/software is erratic when used with a headset (iogear gbmh211w6 on WinXP) -- it doesn't consistently recognize the available services or direct the data appropriately.
0	THIS GUYS ALBUM IS PRETTY GOOD AS FAR AS BEATS GO, BUT HIS RHYMES ARE STALE AND UN INSPIRING, ITS ACTUALLY KIND OF SAD THAT THESE BEATS WERE WASTED. OUT THIS HUGE LIST OF TRACKS I WOULD SAY THERE IS MAYBE 3 TO FOUR DECENT TRACKS, THAT YOU COULD SIT ALL THE WAY THROUGH, BUT THE REST OF THEM HAVE SUCH BAD HOOKS OR LYRICS THAT YOU JUST SKIP IT. HE REALLY HAS NOTHING IMPORTANT TO TALK ABOUT EXCEPT KILLING PEOPLE AND HAVING SEX WITH RANDOM B!TCHES, VERY VERY OVERDONE. I WISH THERE WAS AN INSTRUMENTAL VERSION, CUZ THAT WOULD BE HOT. ESHAM JUST CALLIT QUITS MAN.
0	The cap comes with a polyester lining to which I am extremely allergic. I was going to return the item, but then realized that I could (with a lot of effort) cut the lining out. I did so. Now it's fine.
1	Great concert by Supertramp,good quality for the time it was recorded,if you like the band just buy it,its the only proper full concert of the classic lineup on dvd.
1	This book includes some great, creative ideas for wedding shower planning. It is great for DIY person that wants to create memorable, personalized moments. I will use this book for the 2 bridal showers I am planning next year.
0	this is the suckest game ever. dont buy this game. i got this game for present, i just played it once for 5 min and i never want to play it again. only 1 word to describe the game - terrible!!!!!
0	- back side of the light has a battery cover and this cover also had magnetic plate and it holds the light, but doesn't hold very good.- 4 AAA batteries for a very small light bulb, it's dimm light and it's not enough for the whole tent, bulb should be led for better battery life.- heavy bulky.I got motion activated lights from [...], I velcro it to my tent. ti's work much better and it's about the same price.
0	I was only able to struggle through the first 200 pages. Normally, I finish a book no matter what. I hate unfinished business, but with my time taken up with family and work, I simply just didn't have the time to waste, and it felt as though it would have been if I would have continued.Hobb's writing is still superb, but the plot was simply not going anywhere. I was bored out of my mind.
0	This is the worst textbook I've ever had to use!! The layout is awful, poor examples, everything about it is awful. You can't even find any definitions or terms. If any definitions are given they are at the end of the section and don't expect them to be bold like most textbooks. The actual text is very dense and is organized poorly. Professors, please don't make your students use this textbook. The won't enjoy the class or get anything out of it.
0	This was not only the worst Patricia Cornwell book I ever read, it was the worst book I ever read, PERIOD! It was so bad it took me about nine months and three tries to get through. Don't buy the excuse that this was meant to be satire and definitely don't buy this book!
0	I ordered this item on December 21, 2010 and it was supposed to be delivered by December 31 and I just got it on January 13, 2011. I will honestly say I will never buy from them again. They never sent me an e-mail saying that it would be late. It just showed up 2 weeks late...Item was nicely packed with a lot of bubble wrap so the glass bottle would not break. Just UNTIMELY arrival and no noticew whatsoever of it being delayed or late.
0	Music appreciation is very subjective. There need be no justification for one's feelings. Therefore, I award 1 star to this album as I found the singing there to be absolutely boring, especially in those more popular songs. The voice itself isn't good either.
0	The author tries hard to convince you that Franklin is this superstar world leader, but just doesn't sell it very well. I believe Franklin is everything that history makes him out to be, but this book is written in such a dull manner that you never really get it. I guarantee everyone who has read this book paused halfway through it and were relieved to discover that the last 50 pages are appendices and such ending the misery much earlier.
1	Fatith Fairchild from the fictional Aleford, Massachusetts is the kind of woman you'd like to have for a friend. Her habit of falling into mysteries and murders makes for fun, quick reading. This book explores the somewhat shady world of NE antiques, after Faith's house is broken into and a friend is killed when her house is burglarized. As other readers have noted, the ending is somewhat contrived but up till then, I really loved this book. Start with her earlier novels as Faith has grown from a new young wife, to mom, to mom of two. My only problem with these books? Faith's kids are SO good. Never fuss, whine, wet their pants at the wrong moment. Course if they were written as normal kids, Faith would never get anything done, like the rest of us moms!!
1	Excellent CD and excellent songs! I LOVE Ignition Remix!! R Kelly is a great artist!!! If you like any R Kelly songs this CD is for you!!!
1	This is one of the most enjoyable coming of age novels I have ever read. Based to some extent on the author's own childhood, it tells the story of a young Jewish boy growing up in New York City during the Depression. It ends while he is in the fifth grade, and cries out for a sequel, although after all these years (it came out in 1985) I doubt one is forthcoming. Beautifully written, if occasionally over-written, it is very moving and memorable. Anyone who had a childhood, or is not an alien from another planet, should find World's Fair to be a rewarding reading experience.
1	Outside of Tennessee few are likely to have heard of, let alone listened to, Melissa Webb's 1999 self-released debut. But, for those who know Bluegrass pickers, the list of "friends" playing on this obscure gem will clue them in that this is not some vanity project.Ms. Webb wrote 9 of the 11 songs on this project, and co-wrote another. Along with her vocals, these lyrics are on the "folk" side of the spectrum.Mark Schatz is on bass. Brent Truitt (Nashville session stalwart) is on mandolin here. Kristin Scott (before she married Wayne Benson and added his surname) is on banjo. Husband (or brother?) Keith Webb doubles on fiddle and guitar.
0	The cable included in this kit appears to be 8ga with thick insulation to make it look like 4ga. I compared it to a real 4ga and a 9ga cable I had lying around and the wire is only slightly thicker than the 9ga and nowhere near the thickness of the 4ga. If you buy this, you'll note that there are no markings on the cable giving the specs. Also, a 60Amp fuse will give you ~800 Watts max at the amplifier (60 amps x 13.5 volts = 810 Watts).
0	This story line was tough to swallow. Even the most air-headed among us wouldn't do what this babe did to herself and supposedly she had a law degree and thus I assume is not supposed to be considered an air-head.Quality of writing was alright but it is not a book I would recommend.
1	I had never heard of the story until the movie based on the book ran on TCM in the early hours of the morning. I didn't watch it, but decided I had to have the book.Very film noir feel to the story. If I didn't know better, I'd think Cagney's White Heat character was based on Chase's "Slim". The same "Top of the World, Ma", coupled with amoral sadistic behavior.At first it was a little hard to change gears in the writer's POV, from the hoods to the detective, but once you figure it out, it is a very nice read.
0	The cover mislead me to believe that it was a christmas movie of alvin and the chipmunks. My two year old loves them and this turned out to be a movie that he already had.
1	If you enjoy watching wildlife documentaries, you are in for something better than you would expect. David Attenborough has a great voice for narration and the footage is quite wonderful. The behind the scenes on how the shots are taken is very informative and really shows the viewer how much effort has gone into making this series. Soothing for people who need to watch something when they go to bed.
1	I bought this book while I was on my way towards improving my lower back pain. At that time I was exercising hard, I had already lost a good amount of body fat, but the pain kept coming back every once in a while. All I did was introduce some of the anti-inflammatory foods in my diet, reduce or eliminate the oness that were highly inflammatory, and in a matter of months, the pain was gone. I'd say it's a pretty good result after over 20 years of pain. Now I can work out hard, play tennis, table tennis, do high intensity interval training, without any pain whatsoever. Just to make one thing clear - I don't see this book as a guide to a diet that you can go on and once you're done you go back to eating the stuff that's bad for you. The way I see it, the food choices, recipes and resources from the Inflammation Free Diet Book are meant to help you make long-term diet changes that will significantly improve the quality of the rest of your life.
1	The T-Fal 4-Cup Vitesse Electric Water Kettle is a great little kitchen device. Not only is it attractive, but very useful. My experience has found that it can bring one liter of water to boil is a matter of a few short minutes. I love my T-Fal Vitesse that I even bring it with me on vacation, because you never know how clean the coffee machine/water kettle is in the hotel you are staying in. The little kettle is holding up very well, with only a few scraches due to traveling. It has only failed me only once (hence the 4 star rating) when the kettle prematuredly shut off, but that maybe because of my power convertor, as I was in Hong Kong using the kettle. Definitely a must have for every household. Mine was made in France!
1	The book arrived in one month, which was fast if you consider that it generally takes more than this to arrive, the book came in excelent conditions.Amazon is always a reliable store.
0	I'm very disappointed with this set, definitively all the tracks are very comercial trance and boring, strange to be a GU CD,nothing to do with the Global underground quality sets, if you like the comercial trance buy it.Definitivamente para los que les gusta el trance burdo y comercial este es un buen CD, mas nada que ver con las maravillas que habiamos escuchado como por ejemplo Ibiza de Sasha o Moscu de Deep Dish, creo que es muy el estilo de Seaman ya que se asemeja mucho al set de Buenos Aires.
0	My son started wetting the bed after years of being dry. When he was three, I bought a bed wetting alarm from One Step Ahead for $30 that worked GREAT!!! He hated it, though. This one looked like it would be more comfortable for him, so I tried it. It doesn't wake him up EVER. The company doesn't care and won't do anything to try to make it right with me. That's a hundred bucks down the drain.
1	Por fin se empieza a relacionar el comercio electrnico y las tecnologas de los sistemas de informacin basadas en el Data Warehouse (Business Intelligenece).En este magnifico libro se muestran los conceptos bsicos que confluyen en la actualidad en el mundo de los negocios electrnicos, siendo los pilares el comercio va WEB y los entornos de BI.Recomiendo el libro a todo aquel que desee preveer el futuro del E-commerce cuando la simbiosis con el DW sea completa.
1	Snync's new ablum just blow me away! The ablum is full with lot of enery and makes you want to dances. Snync show me through this CD that they love their fans and hardwork they put in it. If have not got the album yet, go buy it right now.
0	I was reading a debate between Noam Chomsky and William Bennet on their new books, so I decided to buy them both. I won't review Mr. Chomsky's book here, but Mr. Bennet's book is terrible. I thought it was bad enough to actually write a review so other people do not buy this book. The message is basically, if you love your country, agree and support what your government does.
0	There's not a lot to say about McCartney's first foray into the 80s other than "whoops." Paul tried for a DIY ethic like his solo entry into the 70s, but no amount of synthesizers or discotheque appeal can mask the weakness of most of the material. If he was going for Bowie-esque reinvention/trend-setting, he failed far worse than Bowie did during the same decade.Actually starts out pretty well with the funky stomp of "Coming Up," the amusing "Temporary Secretary," and the fun but empty blues ballad, "On the Way," but the rest is about as spotty as it gets. If Paul wanted to try a new wave flavor, why not go all the way? Instead, he forces boring and schmaltzy ballads like "Waterfalls" and "One of These Days" upon us, and we're forced to cringe and wonder just what the hell happened. Nobody expected consistency from Paul, but dreck? You've fallen a long way, Mac.Best cuts: "On the Way," "Coming Up," "Nobody Knows," "Temporary Secretary," "Bogey Music"
1	Although I am not really into the sci fi genre I found a lot to enjoy. The writing was clever and pithy and the futuristic conventions were extremely interesting. I liked how he didn't go on and on explaining some of the futurist concepts but just let the context clarify what he means. (A society that has no money, just "Whuffie," an instantly readable rating of a person's credibility. Creative and thought provoking).By the way, if you enjoyed the Walt Disney World and humor aspects of this book you might also enjoy Deep Water by SV Date.
1	I found this book to be very helpfull. I hopeto benefit by it in my portraits. I throughly recommendthe book.
0	Thanks to all of you for your reviews. I was seriously thinking about buying this set, but after reading all the opinions here, Ive decided to wait for a better product from Paramount. It irks me to no end that they wont honor the Star Trek franchise, and clearly are once again milking the fans for anything they can. Ill buy the blu-ray set when they do justice to the series, not before.
0	I rarely write reviews of anything, but it's only right someone warn the uninitiated about this god awful thing."Ordinary Horror" is bad on many levels. "Professor" Searcy reminds me of a failed writing professor trying too hard to impress. I'll spare you the details (something I wish he would have done) and tell you this is the most confounding, unexciting, poorly written novel I've read in years. Beware, alright.(Note: The title evokes the remarkably good "Ordinary People" from back in the 70's. This book isn't even in the same league.)
0	I liked this hair dryer a lot, but the on/off switch broke less than a year after I bought it. Would not buy again or recommend it.
0	I thought I was getting The Vitamin Shoppe Essential Life multi vitamins which are rated a 5 star vitamin. These Country Life Essential Caps are rated 2.5 which I consider to be fairly worthless! I returned them to The Vitamin Shoppe here in my town.
0	i received this game very defective!!! it didn't even work! it was horrible!! i do not recommend using this person! i was told on the summary that it was in very good condition and it wasn't it didn't even work on a fully charged DS!! it was a very horrible experience!
1	My fiance at first thought I just liked this show because I am a nerd but she is now addicted to this show. We both can't wait for more episodes to come out.
0	Behe does not realize that analogy is not a method of reasoning. His beliefs are clearly creationist, he just wont admit it. Instead he brings back a two-century old argument from design. His examples are few and stretched. Anyone with a background in molecular biology(or just a college education) would laugh at his evidence based on proteins. Its clearly a religious ploy to try and trick people into turning against one of the best proven theories in science. Dont forget, theory is the highest form of scientific truth! While Evolutionary theory will always be revised and improved, the core concepts will remain intact. Behe is trying to get us to believe that the entire foundation of a well proven theory is nonexistent, based on scant evidence and incorrect logic. Wrong Century Behe!
1	Listen, it will be short : if you love all grind songs of carcass, buy this cd !!! The production is good, but i think the master could have been better, so the sound is a little bad for some group.
0	just as the title says. I've done months and years worth of reserch, and about %40 of the book is a complete lie, i would not recomend this to anybody who is a first time mouse owner. For example, he says that mice are able to eat things that are potentually fatal; things like cheese,white millet, and other things. He Also doesn't tell you every thing a first time owner would need to know. I looked on the back of te book and found a biography about him. It says that he is a cat surgon, so he would probably know more about cats than mice. This man is cearly a complete idiot who should cave a stake and fall back on it.
0	The lessons go by very fast, with each phrase spoken only once. In order to learn, you must either have a super-human ear and memory, or you must listen to the CD 500 times. The CD might be a good review for someone who has already learned the language, but for the first-timer, consider the Pimsleur method instead.
1	I have seen and heard corey live in concert. He is wonderful!!Sometimes you buy the cd's to replay what you heard in concert and it does not live up to the memory. Corey's music however, that is not the case. It is the best in person but the cd brings you back and it is extremely enjoyable. I own two copies myself, that way I have one for the car and one for the house. I'm sure I will be buying more in the future for gifts and a back up for when my children misplace my Cds.I definitely recommend the cd to any and all.A MUST for a classical music collection.
0	Getting the Twin Draft Guard into position to actually block the leak is a serious pain. Once the guard is in place, you won't want to use the door again because it slides completely out of position every time you open it. It comes out of the package all bent, and it takes a while just to get it straightened out enough to use. It may block the draft once in place, but the door must be open to reposition the dumb thing, and it takes at least two or three minutes each time. You probably loose more heat in this process than you block once the guard is actually in place. Worthless product - don't waste your hard-earned cash!
1	I love the show and that is why I ordered it to catch up on what I have missed. But for me he is not the show she is!
0	What can I say about these guys? They make the worst noise this side of Avril Lavigne! Appetite for Destruction is an album filled with every annoying rock cliche imaginable...whiney vocals that explode into raging screams, "chunk-a-chunk-chunk" guitars, and all those annoying cuss words in the lyrics that rely on shock value rather than musical quality to get their message across. OOOHH that's so SHOCKING and PROFANE!!! I"m so shocked that this band put out a song with swear words in it! *rolls eyes* This [...] isn't fit to listen to!
0	but that's about all it has going for it. The washcloth is really small and can't really be used for much of anything. The bib has a very small opening to go around the neck and my baby is only 6 months old and weighs in about 15 lbs and it doesn't fit her. Everything rolls right off of it and it cannot be used to wipe baby's mouth. I don't think I would recommend this product.
0	This is an ok video that shows how military music is performed in the United States, Brittan and France. The video was really short and did show the performances more than the narrator's voice offering explanations and information. It is an old video that was made in 1995 and could use some major improvements in the production but is worth watching if you have any interest for the music of the military. When looking at the title I was expecting more of a documentary of military music rather then watching a performance which is what I received.
0	Contrary to what the product descriptions on samsung.com, amazon.com, bestbuy.com, etc. say, this DVD player does NOT play DivX files. I purchased this player almost solely based on the fact that it would play these files, but when I got home, it would not play them at all. I ended up calling 1-800-SAMSUNG and a CSR told me that the DVD-HD860 does not play DivX files, but that the DVD-HD960 does (and oddly enough, the product description for the DVD-HD960 does not mention this feature). Boo to Samsung for their incorrect product descriptions!
0	Before I bought this CD, I listened to the samples and thought the CD was gonna be great. Turns out, that this CD is full of tunes that are so generic and repetitious that after the first minute of each song, you just get bored because it sounds as if the songs starts over again. Thackery doesn't really change the melody from one segment to the next and as a song progresses, it sounds as if he is running out of ideas. This is where things start to get right down dull and makes the CD a waste of money.Regardless of the great reviews this CD got, my opinion is that this CD deserves two thumbs down .... way down!
0	It should be noted that this printer will not work if any of the six ink cartridges runs out. I tried everything to get it to print, including cleaning all nozzles, and got nothing. I went to the basement and found my old HP 932C, which had sat unused for AN ENTIRE YEAR, and hooked it up to finish the job I was working on when the Epson threw its fit. The HP printed just fine, no problem. That should tell you everything you need to know.
0	NOT ALL made in England, only a few pieces and the ones made in Malaysia look like $h!+. I have 10 settings made in England, wanted 12 but NOT from this place.
1	I've had and used this Bumkins Waterproof Sleeved Bib for 2 months on my now 18 month old and it works great at keeping her clean. In most cases I simply wipe it down with a wet sponge if she's spilled wet food on it and I've only felt a need to throw it in the washing machine 3 times. It is sturdy, washes well, dries quickly, is easy to put on and the butterfly motif is pretty. The long, cinched at the wrist, sleeves are great too.A must have that makes clean up fast and easy.
1	No nonsense straight forward routines that range from 8-9 minutes or so and have been effective for me.Good to add this if you just want exercises that focus on your abs.
1	Awesome...all of her tapes are awesome and this one is no exception! Love her and her works outs!
0	I read this book, thinking that it might be entertaining. But it was SO slow! I felt that it never got to the point. When I finished the book I felt that there had been no real conflict and no real resolution. It had some fun moments, but I felt that the author was hoping to keep it open for a sequel and not enough attention was paid to this book.
0	The manual does not say what speed DVD-R/RW to use. I purchased Memorex DVD-R x8 and received a Disc Error Message. I then purchased DVD-R x4 and received same error message. I emailed customer support and waited two days for a reply. In the meantime I called customer support and was told only media x1 or x2 can be used. When I received the email message message from their support personel it said: " DVD-R 4x can be used 8x will result in a disc error.DVD-RW 2x can be used 4x will result in a disc error.The following discs have been tested and are proven to be compatible with our DVD recorders.MEMOREX DVD-R FUJIFILM DVD-R FUJIFILM DVD-RW IMATION DVD-RWIMATION DVD-R 2.0 TDK DVD-RW 2X TDK DVD-R 2X"So, go figure. I spent a lot of money on DVD-R's that don't work. I'm returning the product rather than continually purchasing non-refundable DVDs. I now have 45 DVD-R's that are of no use to me. Thankfully, Amazon will refund the purchase price of this this player/recorder.
1	I really like all the pieces that had a classical tint to them. I didn't care much the tracks that were too much like chemical borthers or some such things, but there were plenty of tracks that made up for those.
0	Problems too numerous to detail here including bad prints, paper jams, warped tray. Too many other options out there to waste you time with Kodak. Customer service and repair is much below sub-par.
1	This book is a somewhat interesting story. Character chemistry or interaction are enough to keep a reader intrigued. It certainly lets us know what's like a cadet of Starfleet Academy regardless of gender, species, origin, etc. A lot of individual adentures are included into this book.Kudos to Susan Wright.
0	I will not review this based on the book, as I was never a big fan of the book anyways, but on the film itself.Mostly, I simply found most of the characters to be bland and lifeless, with the notible exception of the villian Febre, and the plot and dialogue to be fairly weak and unexciting.The swordfighting skills displayed in the movie were dazzling, but (as another reviewer also mentioned) considering that everyone appeared almost identicle, it was a little hard to tell at times who was fighting whom. Also, while again the fight scenes were dazzling, there was no practicle reason why some of the more over the top ones were even engaged in. I am referring mostly to the fight outside the tower on ropes (why didn't someone attempt to cut D'Artagnan's rope instead of engaging him in an ariel fencing match?) and the fight on the ladders (why would Febre give up stable ground to fight D'Artagnan on unsure footing?).
0	I purchased two of these.One is defective. It totally quit working right way.They are the coolest hand held flash light there is.The possibilities are almost endless.Like wearing tye-dye?... this light is for you.Make a trip whip! (I did this with one)Make a crystal display. (I made one)This light looks cool on any multi-colored surface. (posters and such)They are very cool lights if they work. Quality control could be much better.I am happy with the working one, extremely unhappy with the broken one.Expensive for one light.50% success rate here.
1	The book is written well, BUT be careful when you purchase this book that you are getting the full-length updated version of the book with the BLUE cover, as pictured in the Amazon offering page. There is a very small old pamphlet edition with a red and black cover that has exactly the same title floating around out there. Be sure that you are getting the FULL-length version with the blue cover!
0	The Companion 2 multimedia speakers have been a big disappointment. I had to put thecpu on the desk because the cord was too short. The speakers have a continuous weaving buzzing sound that aBose tech tried to eliminate by changing the power connection, but that was completely useless.The sound is good, but I have to recommend against the purchase of these speakers.
1	Before the Belkin, I tried 3 other FM transmitters that had 4 preset frequencies. None of them worked AT ALL. Maybe it's the area I'm in (large city, lots of FM stations), but the interference on the other units was horrible. I finally tried the Belkin and am much happier with it. It's not crystal clear like a radio station, but I get very little static and background noise. I can also change the frequency if weather, etc. interferes.June 2007: I've had a year to use this product now, and I would lower the rating to 3-4 stars if possible. Reason? Because the batteries do not last very long at all before I begin to hear more static (i.e. lose some signal power). I've found that I really need to use the cigarette lighter adapter for power. With it, though, I have no problems.
0	Music is as integral to this series as it is to Miami Vice, and we got the original soundtrack for that DVD without a huge pricetag. Sorry - without the same music it was created with, Tour is not the same show, and I can do without it.
1	Great entertainment. Great performance. Great film. Includes the deleted scenes which makes better sense of things. Two thumbs up to Peter Jackson, and of course J.R.R. Tolkien for this great piece of work.
1	This the first book by Richard Laymon that I have read. Wow is all I can say. I will definitely be reading more of his work.
0	I purchased this 3 years ago and it broke about two years ago. I've been using it without a lid for too long now and so am shopping for a new one. You'll note the lid is attached by a plastic piece to the base. That piece will break, just how soon. Also the lifting mechanism often comes off track and you have to put it back together. I rate this one star for the poor quality for that plastic piece. An expensive trash can should last more than a year or two. Now it goes to a dump somewhere to biodegrade in a few hundred thousand years. Might actually use it for recycling bin in garage for a while.
1	Basically you can buy and read this book or buy the new 2000's version/remake of Battlestar Galactica and the show Caprica and watch them and see a visual interpretation of this authors theories. I like the t.v. show myself. The book is great. Buy it. But Battlestar is even better. That's it. John
0	I've never had a problem with sheets pilling before, so this was a first. 300 thread count is sort of wasted when there are hard little pills all over the surface. Also, the sheets are very thin.
0	The enduring popularity of The Three Stooges is directly attributable to the 190 comedy shorts the team made for Columbia Pictures (1934-1959), particularly the 97 entries featuring Curly Howard as the third Stooge. While several of these classic comedies are available on DVD, a few non-Columbia Stooge curios have turned up, including this title.SWING PARADE OF 1946 is a low-budget musical produced by the lowly Monogram Pictures, starring Gale Storm and Phil Regan, with Moe, Larry and Curly providing comedy relief. Away from their home studio, the boys seem to be a little disoriented; worse yet, Curly is clearly in declining health (later that year he suffered a stroke that forced him to drop out of the act). Rabid Stooge fans may want to check this one out, although it's nowhere near the level of their best work. Casual viewers in search of the usual boisterous antics are advised to look elsewhere.
1	I fell in love last year. With Argentina. Having visited, I wanted to learn more and more. The musical Evita gave me a taste of the complexity of the fascinating story of one of Argentina's great figures. This book is a scholarly look at her life, her ups her downs, and includes many interesting photographs of Eva and Juan. I recommend it highly.
0	I don't know what this guy was smoking when he wrote it, or what the publisher was snorting when he signed this guy, but for christ's sake let's sterilize both of them to prevent this type of [garbage] from clogging our inputs.
1	I love the color and high quality of this votive holder. It looks like it will last for generations, provided it's not droppedon anything hard.
0	I'll keep it short--Don't bother. Compared to other recent games like Jedi Knight 2, etc, this game is 5 years behind the times. The game engine is a clunker and the controls do not allow you to respond at the same rate as your adversaries. The Tolkien Estate should be ashamed...
1	I bought these 9 months ago and have gotten so much wear out of them. They are small, but very sparkly and simple. These are a great value!
0	I liked these little zippos years ago so i bought one again. Disappointment. Get the full size one instead. I have 3 of these small ones purchased from 3 seperate stores and they all suck. Full sized zippos work great in my experiance, carried them for years but for some reason the small ones don't work well.
1	I have worn Sebago Schooners for 20 years and found the price to be very attractive. The shoes wear well.
0	I finished this book in about 3 days realizing that the only thing that was noteworthy was the fact I had lost 3 days in my life to which I could have been reading something that was worthy of my time rather than wasting my time on this book. I read the book and saw the movie at the same time. If Hoffman had written a book with the same heart as the movie, maybe then I would not be so harsh. Plus, did she even do any kind of research for this book? Being a Wiccian,I am very disappointed.This girl needs to learn a few things about magic and the occult before she writes a book on it!!!!
0	Interesting to look at, but not the least do able for moderately talented card makers. This is for the gifted pop up artist.
0	The first generation of Sennheiser Wireless headphones was just about OK if you did ot leave your livingroom and faced the transmitter......The RS 40 is deffinitelly better, however if you leave the room where the transmitter is placed and dare to go to the garden or one floor up the noise becomes unbearable.Wait for the 2.4 gigahertz version - The RS40 is not worth it.The cheapest corded headphones sound better.
1	This is a fine film and Sandra Bullock shows what a good actress she is. Comedy or drama, Sandra does well. Recommended.
0	I saw this book in the store and decided to see if I could get it cheaper on Amazon. When I pulled up the page, the cover was the same as the one in the store. I didn't know it was an old eddition with outdated figures until it arrived in the mail. I went back to the page I bought it on and then noticed the disclaimer for the pictures being from the newer eddition. The newer book has different projects and more current prices.
0	State of Fear by Michael Crichton is a good read but doesn't rise to the top as his previous books. It's like reading prey from the nanobug's point of view with a super arrogant nanobug. I recommend you buy the paperback specially if you are a die hard Crichton fan like I am. That way you can enjoy tossing this book accross the room occassionaly as you read the erroneous one sided statements that are made throughout the book, and not put a hole in the wall. It did get my blood boiling a bit. I kept on wondering wether Crichton was being funded by the Bush administration. I still like the writing style...true to form. My first dissappointment with a Chrichton book.
1	Atkinson takes what seem like different, unrelated threads and brings them together in a wonderful bow. A great crime mystery, and Jackson Brodie is a unforgettable character. I have read the other three in the series and have the 5th on pre-order.
1	This was the first time I watched the movie from beginning to end. It was great with suspense, action and love.
1	I bought this as a present for my boyfriend who had just been watching the tv series and he loved it. The art work is amazing and I'm sure he'll be buying more of them soon. Really great product.
1	This was a very good read, mostly believable, amusing in parts and certainly entertaining. I learned a few things about what religious Jewish people do to celebrate various occasions. Although I have some Jewish friends, none practice, so this was informative. I am not sure there are actually such things as female rabbis and religious gay marriages in the Jewish faith, but this was fiction. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars was the silly sexual descriptions between the husband and wife, and the wife and her gay lover. Does the author really think readers need a description, in order to know what happens between two people? That was the only spoiler for me. Sex left to the imagination of the reader is so much better!
0	With all the violence in the world, do we really need to sit through a movie where two women torture and beat the living daylights out of each other? I could not endure this flick to it's "painfully ironic ending..."
0	With such vicious ways mentioned on how to handle employees, I find it amazing that Jack Horn has managed to get the necessary supervisoral experience to write this book. But then again its not like the upper levels of management bother to listen to lowly employee's complaints about a tyrant of a boss.Although he does write some good info down on the basic chores of a supervisor daily, he is definitely stuck in the days of the Steel & Oil Tycoons where they would force their employees to work 60 hrs a week for peanuts.This book is really not a good source of information for a supervisor, unless he wishes to completely alienate his work staff, and cause a high job turnover rate, not too mention a lot of sabotage and theft on the job.
0	Since we bought it we were having problems, specially because my sister had a "Jiffy" I think (the one that costs 150 bucks) and we could compare and see that it was way better than ours, specially if you are trying some heavier fabric clothes, and I mean regular dress shirts, not jackets, jeans shirts or stuff like that. Now, about 8 months since we bought it (and we don't use it that much, as we have a cleaning lady that irons so it's only for emergencies) it has become completely useless, the steam connector is leaking so almost no steam comes out and it becomes a possible hazard.I've tried going for the cheap one, but now I'll have to go for the expensive one.
0	Disk one is not dub and it is not compelling. A better title might be "Bombay Elevator Music." Saccharine melodies and treacly arrangements make this sound like something one might hear in a shopping mall. I am also a fan of chill and ambient modalities, and this is neither of those either. On the upside, this is not music that will disturb the neighbors. Guaranteed never to break your chain of thought. One star for this half of the title.Disk two, on the other hand, is a collection of remixes of disk one material. This disk alone would be a three star album. Good beats, judiciously fat bottom end, cloying strings toned down and the treacle drained from the arrangements, it's a nice chill vibe that actually rises on occasion to dubness. Too bad it's not available as a stand-alone "volume 2."
1	Summer's ending, kids long ago gave up on doing workbooks & writing in their journals. What to do to get their brains in gear before schools starts up? I ask myself.Enter Brain Academy. Right now there are 4 kids aged 6-9 whooping it up on my Wii, doing some simple math & visual tasks - 2 of them have "bigger brains" than me, lol!Fun, good for a rainy day especially, and IMO much better use of time than many other "games" out there.
0	I Don't know what to say... Most of the DVDs to come out of "Reality Films", Seem to be no more then Pretty pictures, Or One Solid Filming of A Supposed Proffessional, And voice-overs...I don't think any less can be said about this except, is it possible to post reviews with 0 stars or less?Again, Just my Views... Won't be buying any more of this propoganda material... Boring as all hell... Better to watch my computer's screensaver. Atleast the image in that moves...
1	This remote is very easy to use and requires no assembly or directions. Great product!
0	Just to be frank this series was by far the worst thing I've ever bought. I had the feeling that yuri would be in here and all but this series focused so much on it, it made the rest of the anime parts really not matter at all. Plot wasn't too good, fights were mediocre even for the final battle. Thank goodness I did not buy this full price. I think I'll just sell this anime to someone who cared more for the yuri then anything else, since that's all this anime seemed to really focus on.
0	I have been using two different Tena products for the past several months and have found them comparable and maybe just a bit preferable to Poise. I decided to try a different type of Tena, but I am very disappointed in the Tena Serenity Pads. They are extremely uncomfortable and I will not be using the rest of the package (I have used one pad).
0	This book was 300 pages of girl meets navy boy. Girl doesn't want relationship with navy boy, because he's navy. Boy wants girl. Girl won't budge...he's navy (did I mention that already????). Girl falls in love with navy boy but knows it won't work...because he's navy. Girl tells boy goodbye, because he's navy. Boy pursues girl, but she says no, cuz he's still friggin navy.Gimme a break!!!!!! I can't believe a publisher paid this author for this crap.
0	I have purchased a number of digital cameras over the last 2 years, including one from AGFA, the ePhoto 307 (A great little camera). The ePhoto Smile is an Affront to the AGFA brand name. The pictures are awful, the battery life abysmal, and worst of all, it would be a bad deal at 1/2 the price. I recently bought my youngest daughter a Polaroid Digital 320. It takes much better pictures, and we're still working on the 1st set of batteries . . . .. In short, don't buy this camera. If you really want to take digital pictures it's hard to go wrong with the Olympus 340R for under $300.
1	One of the best Rockin' n' Rollin' singer I've heard in a long time. To be honest I had never heard of Tommy Castro, but when I heard one of his songs on a various artists, Alligator Records CD, I had researched his work and found it to be awesome. He sounds a little like Delbert McClinton, in some songs. I can only describle his music as good Rock n' Roll. I have purchased several of his CD's. ALL GOOD!!
1	But i wouldn't read it if you aren't into fantasy, it got kinda confusing sometimes with the different worlds and weird places. Also, it gets a bit graphic, especially with Iorek and Iofer, but it was still a good book.
0	bob dyoan's greatest hits??? this guy don't have hits. That song about the tambouines that's a Captain Kirk song. and the ones with babe in them were stolen from sonny and cher. how come peeple thing this guys good when he dont got no original stuff to sing for us. no one shoud buy any of his regords becuz it only let s him get awayy with what he did here. hell do more and take away from sonny.
1	This product is a perfect replacement for the original power-pak for the Yamaha keyboard series PSR. It works great and has the right voltage and current rating. Ours is the PSR230 from 1897.Thanks,William
0	After taking the four pills in the morning I was nauseated. At first it wasn't to bad, I thought I can handle this and continued to give it a try. However the nausea got worse and after two weeks I had to stop because I didn't want to feel sick every morning. I didn't notice any difference in my joints during the two weeks.
1	This is a brilliant piece of work. The author has always been a favorite of mine. You will find this book easy to read. It will have you laughing out loud, so I would not read it in a quiet library. This is a book to read before bed, in the bath tub, if your frustrated, on your coffee break, waiting at the airport. Her tales of life experiences are fun to read or watch as it is part of her stand up comedy. I loved it.
0	This is not worth any amount of money. My husband is loosing his hearing and thought this would be exactly what he needed so that he could actually hear the tv without it being turned up as high as it could go. Not the case. There is alot of background noise with these headphones, no matter what level the volume is set at. He used it one time and its been sitting on the tv ever since. Do not waste your money on this product. Its not worth it.
0	It fits absolutely perfectly into that small space in the back of my closet.I got better reception with the cheapo, non-powered rabbit ears, that are re-hooked to my TV.Save your money.
0	When I first read the Belgariad, I was enchanted. Great story, great characters, compelling from start to finish. The Mallorean had so many parallels to the Belgariad, but that was fine because it was incorporated into the story. Then came the Elenium, and I started to suspect that Eddings was a one trick pony. Too many similarities to previous efforts.Well, after reading Regina's Song, I'm going to say I wish he (and his wife) had just stuck to that one trick. A pretty cool idea was dragged into the mud by mind numbingly boring characters and execution. Some of the worst dialogue I've ever read; think noir meets Barbie. Finally, I was offended by the pomposity of the main character, who remains pugnaciously mundane to the highly unsatisfying end.
0	I really must disagree with the other two reviewers. I have found the aroma of this blend to be bitter, acidic and burnt. That carries over and makes for a pretty lousy cup of coffee. However, it isn't undrinkable and I suppose I'd put it on a par with what one would get from a cheap supermarket choice.Now, to be fair to Cafe Altura I want to note that there was air in my bag. I don't know if this is unusual or if they do not vacuum pack their beans (which would lead to oxidation fairly quickly and hence the bitter aroma).
1	I was introduced to Quelf this weekend and I just purchased 3. They will make awesome gifts. They are great for Church groups and friends. But Make sure you have a camera ready because you will want to remember everything. The rule card is my favorite. We pinched each other after every turn and it became so funny. Dancing and laughing! If it is Random fun you are looking for you must get this game! It will become a family tradition!This is a must have for every family!
0	Like any great artist, Ayn Rand has her share of people who are trying to cash in on her success. This book is a shining example of that. If you want to read about Ayn Rand then read her books. If you want to read about Ayn Rand's views on feminism then read Return of the Primitive. This book has no claim to fame other than the two words, Ayn Rand, printed on its cover. This is not Ayn Rand.
0	First of all it was very boring. It just made me want to go to sleep. It might have been a little better had the author not made Amanda's so extremely annoying. She never seemed to shut up and the endless ramblings of the a few of the stories characters just make this one of the worst books I have ever read.
0	Do not buy if it is for your baby as diaper rash cream!!!!! The formula (and product packaging) has changed as of Feb 2011!!! I am posting this to forewarn all parents. I had been using the "original" formula since November 2009 and just went out and ordered 5 more 14oz tubs. Guess what? not only has the packaging changed, but the formula is totally different and WORSE!!!!It is now 30% lanolin (as opposed to 50%) and now contains a chemical called Disodium EDTA which is likely NOT good for your baby. STAY AWAY and don't buy anymore!! I'm so mad, b/c the original formula worked and i was going to use it forever. Warn your friends the formula has changed!! So important!!!
0	I bought these along with several other pair from the same place. All of which fell apart within minutes of wearing them. The stones fell out of at least one earring of each pair. Seriously? Four pair of earrings and they all lost stones? I was sucked in by the low price for sterling silver and I got stuck with what I paid for. While the company was willing to refund or replace the item with no issues, I would never buy anything from this place again. I could accept one pair falling apart. Things happen. However all 4 pair falling apart doesn't say much for the quality of their items. I've bought silver from several other places with no issues in the quality department. If you choose to purchase these, I suggest you check the prongs and the stones to see if they are loose and try to crimp the prongs to retain the stones.
1	My first Jenkins novel & I can only hope I find other works of hers as good as this one. I was concerned about setting taking place in such an old time period, but thankfully found that it did not impact the story negatively. The uber-romantic story line was perfect and just amazing. It had surprising spunk and wit & I frequently found myself cracking up out loud. This book somewhat reminds me of Zane's classic Addicted; this story was clearly not as raunchy, but boy was it hot hot hot! But it reminds me of Addicted due to the amazing story line that grabs you & won't let go. I stayed up until 7am to finish this book, it was so good. Excellent story, excellent.
1	I'm surprised at the negative reviews based on the web site. I've managed two of the Ceiva frames for almost a year now, regularly sending back pictures from Europe and Africa, with no failures or major nuisances. They've even saved me a lot on international phone calls of the "Arrived OK" variety, what with local web access numbers and overnight delivery. The Ceiva web site has improved quite a lot in that period but was never problematic.The frames themselves work well, much better than the 640x480 screen resolution would suggest. I think they traded resolution for brightness, and you can usually see the pictures from across the room, even at non-optimal angles. The resolutely-nontechie parents love them. I always crop pictures and resize them before uploading (the simplest shareware programs suffice, though I use Photoshop for more extensive "darkroom work").
1	This book, which is loosely based upon a real event in the USSR, has a unique setting and characters. Once it got going, it reminded me of a good Stephen King book that wouldn't stop until the last page! I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a non-traditional story with a lot of suspense!
0	The one star is not for the movies, but as a warning to those who have read the decriptions of the extras, and are expecting the full documentary"When The Lion Roars". Hang onto your 3-vhs boxed sets, because when you open the DVD case, you discover that there is only an "excerpt" from the this long awaited documentary. Maybe sometime soon we'll get the wholeshelang, but not now.
1	good for a motorhome to store and to make small quantities easy to use easy to wash and store has a themostat
0	Only a baffoon would not see this coming. If it can't even handle Deus Ex 1 and Rainbow Six 3, what makes you think it's going to be able to run a halo clone. Call up any psychic, they'll tell you the same thing I'm telling you. Sattle up the syrup boys, we are headed to the flopzone.
0	Well, Im going to be honest. I havent read this book because I received it with pages and pages of Corrections included with the book. Before I read this book, Im supposed to go through and make ALL of these changes to certain paragraphs. I paid full price for the book thru the Let's Do Lunch" web site so that I could edit the whole book..... I dont think so. My mistake.I dont know if there is a way to find out if the book you are ordering is mistake free, but I would try to find out before you place your order or waste your time.
1	I love this lotion. It's the first time I bought a lotion that goes on light, smells great, and lasts all day, but is not heavy. I used the whole jar up and ordered another.
0	This book COULD serve a purpose, but only for those who have not yet kissed and/or are under the age of 15 or so. For those, the general information contained in this book, while a bit old-fashioned and repetitive, could be of some use.For others, however, it will accomplish little. Almost all of the "special" kisses contained in the book are either already widely practiced or self-explanatory and useless. "What is a surprise kiss?" "It's when you are surprised by a kiss." "What is a grudge kiss?" "Its when you kiss someone else after being cheated on." These are not new kisses, they're simply kisses grafted on to outside circumstances.The advice tends to be constant repetition that boys should slow down, focus more on lip-only kissing, and try to be romantic. Girls should make it clear to the boys that they like that they are interested in kissing them.Hopefully that saved you a few dollars.
1	Ms. Fox, how I missed your music. Not receiving the deserved respect in the U.S. but recognized throughout the world. This latest album took awhile to hit the states and though not many were ordered by retailers, loyal Samantha Fox fans snapped them up quickly. Every song is a treat. Ms. Fox's voice has matured and is even better that her early days in the late 80's. I can't wait for her next record. Thank you SAM!!!!
0	The age range listed on amazon for this book is extremely misleading. I bought it for my 7 year old nephew and it's more appropriate for my 2 year old daughter.
1	I received the lense within a reasonable time. The lense has a wider view, though I don't have other lenses to test it against. The lense came with the adapter necessary for my Sony camera and everything fit together just fine. Overall I am very satisfied and if I had to decide again I would by the same lense.
0	They may dislike the feel of the pellets. Also, they do manage to track the stuff, dirty, around their litter pans. Not something I will inflict on them again.
0	If you're expecting great performances from the name listed, don't...if you're expecting to witness the "real" spring break, don't. most of the dvd just shows girls in their bikini's dancing to reggae music. now i love reggae, but if i wanted to watch girls dancing around and every once in a while flash the camera (this dvd is censored by the way) then i would've rather bought a girls gone wild dvd. don't buy this for the live performances either, not worth it. get another live performance dvd.
1	Just finished this book and didn't want it to end. Hard topic, yes, but such a wide view and a compelling one. This book is rich and engaging and full of the world itself. It's true - there are many voices to follow, but dip in and you will find yourself on a voyage unlike any other. The language is beautiful, the characters are so true, the sadness is profound, and the irony/humor is sharp. I found myself pulling for one character and then another. Even the hardest characters ("Mary") grew in my affection. It took a sea-going ship sailing across the world to show all the bits of humanity. Wonderful.
0	Adrian Legg is an incredibly gifted player there is no doubt about that, but I think he relies to heavily on effects to do the playing. Like for instance the song "Psalm With No Words," that song would have been great without his guitar all phased/chorused out. It sounds terrible! He also needs to work on playing less, because he tries to put too many chords/notes in a phrases and it just doesn't sound that great. His songwriting is okay, but I think his playing shouldn't overshadow the song. The song should always come first.Many of his albums are lacking in the creativity department simply because he tries too hard to somehow inject his songs with an over usage of technique. He should really let the song speak for itself and not subject his listeners to his effects and overbarring guitar technique(s).I like Adrian Legg, but I'm not going to subject myself to him, unless his music starts to speak for itself.
0	It was the writing and the acting. I never thought it was that good.But that will likely not stop it from coming to DVD. Anyway to make a fast buck.
1	...But still very good. While it's hard to top "BE", this album could've been better. The first half of the album is way better than the last half. Plus the new version of "so far to go" ain't as good as the original on the J Dilla's album. Still a great record though...
1	I was so very excited about the A Painted House when I heard about it. The story takes place just down the road from where I grew up. Black Oak, Ar. is about 4 miles from my families farm. Mr Grisham's family owns the land next to my Dad's so you can understand my excitement. The book was very well written as are all of his books and it brought back many memories of my childhood. I even learned some things I did not remember. I look forward to each new book John Grisham puts out, as each one seems to be a little better than the last.
1	This is my all time favorite show. The DVD collection is incredible. My only question is an often asked one though. Why does it take so long to produce more seasons? They have them all. Why not produce them faster?! I can't wait for the second season. My wife use to hate the show. Now she loves it!! I want more, NOW!!!!
0	I felt that this was a fantasy novel with a tiny bit of sensuality in it. It was more about surviving the future than relationships. What little intimacy there was wasn't even hot.
1	I bought this as a gift for my Dad. The price was very reasonable and I received it even sooner than i expected. The service is great.
0	No new information in this book, waste of your time and money, there are better books on this subject available. I returned it the next day to Amazon.
0	The unconvincing plot, shallow characterizations and inaccurate editing would have been embarrassing for an amateur. I am left wondering if the real plot is to discover who wrote this. It can't be the same Dick Francis I have enjoyed year after year.
1	i am so far impress with the image quality, there are problems but it is a good deal for the price cannot beat hat,
0	The writers are equally to blame for this POS. The blu ray looks and sounds great but the movie took everything that was bad from the first one and multiplied it.
0	If you want a book with better house plans just go to your local grocery store and buy any of the plan books there. It should only cost you a few bucks and you will find hundreds of better ideas than this book contains.
0	I really didn't like this book. It really does not offer any real good info on how to master measuring instruments. It glosses over different types of instruments with out really telling one how to use them. I can not recommend this book
1	I am a 19-year-old HUGE Sinatra fan (rare enough), and I would consider this CD the soundtrack of my life. "I've Got a Crush on You", "You Make Me Feel So Young" and "Where or When" are perfect, and "Come Fly With Me" is awesome. It wasn't the first- or last- of Frank's CDs that I bought, but it is still my favorite. My favorite song (My Way) is missing, but "My Kind of Town" is there... and being a Chicago guy, that's good enough for me. And for a real Sinatra fan, he can talk about the "Bayonne Baccalas" all he wants. A legend.
1	This is NOT the film that plays at the museum! That film is "Rt. 66 AN AMERICAN ODYSSEY" by the same film company that made this "how-to" plan a trip VHS. This film is included on the "Odyssey" DVD version and the DVD is what you should get if you want the most information.
1	Good price, free shipping, fast delivery, high quality.I use these in my Porter-Cable gun. Work perfectly every time. I ordered a second and third box.
0	I installed the oil cooling lines on my 1994 Chevy pickup using the Dorman Products # 625-107 and 625-108 cooling lines in February of 2007. They are both leaking again. I thought I would have better luck using an aftermarket product vs. a Genuine GM part (which I used the first time they leaked). I am disappointed in the short lifetime of the Dorman parts. We'll see how good their limited lifetime warranty is when I submit a claim.
1	This game was fun and challenging and getting your liscense to hit the road let smooth driving begin. The mini games weren't as fun but i enjoyed evreything about it. I'd say rent this game before you buy it,it may not be evreything you hoped for.But don't take my word for it.
1	I got to hear the Crooners at the Lotus Festival this year in Bloomington, IN. Blue sky refers to the view one of the band members had from prison. That song and the rest of the ambum is very easy to listen to. The Crooners have a similar sound to the Mahattan Transfer. They sing in their native language so I don't understand a word. It is a pretty good cd.
0	William Shakespeare must have been turning over in his grave after what they did to his popular tale. I have never been a fan of Romeo and Juliet (I think Hamlet is much better) but even I know the butchering of a classic play when I see one. Leonardo and Claire are good actors, and in this peice of trash they play a modern-day Romeo and Juliet. Even though it is set in the nineties, they still stick to the original script, even though half of it is cut for the sake of those who get tired of Shakespeare, (why they get tired of him, I don't know).Now I know that Hollywood has had some pretty bad follies before, but this film is beyond the area in which I draw the line. They should be ashamed of themselves. If you have to watch a version of ROMEO AND JULIET I'd highly reccomend either WEST SIDE STORY or the Franco Zefferelli version.
1	This book is an excellen choice for young children. I would recommend it for 3 to 6 year old children.
0	Our local used bookstore had copies of several of Jong's books. After reading them, I can see why. The sellers obviously found out that Jong is teaching a confusing, misleading message, and no longer wanted to have any part of him or his teachings.Jong's premise is that it is essential to one's salvation and freedom from sin(s) that one believe that it was in His baptism by John that Jesus took ("washed") away and took on Himself the world's sins before finally carrying them to the cross. This "water and Spirit" baptism doctrine is a confused misreading of the New Testament. Neither the New Testament nor any of the Church Fathers taught this.In the guise of freeing his readers and followers from a "works righteousness" gospel, he instead burdens them with a quirky correct-belief-according-to-Paul-C.-Jong gospel.What other confused Christianities can we expect to come from the East?
1	I havr a pair of Klipsch earbuds and I had the plug go bad so I looked for a replacement. I tried both the screw and solder terminal versions of the gold plug replacement from radion shack but the don't really hold the wire still after attached and didn't feel solid. This on the over hand was relatively easy to solder and with the extra support that pinches the wire its a lot better. Still great quality sound as long as you make the proper preparations (burn/scrap/sand off enamel of wires etc). Definitely worth the 4 dollars to save me over 80
1	This product is a great deal for cloth tape. This is my second box and it is much more cost effective than purchasing one or two rolls at a drugstore or grocery store.The tape sometimes ends in the midst of a roll, but this has never been a problem.
0	at the reccomendation of a friend, i heard this was the best vandals cd...i had heard a song or two on comps, and figured sure....ill just buy it. this cd is the biggest waste of plastic in the world, thier lead singer is like 35, balding, and still sings about silly juvenile things. what a horrible cd. sounds like alternative trying to rock...oooh no.
1	If you would like to get shots like you may have wished for in the past, you can do it now with the SP-550UZ. The 18X zoom get you in there. I was fortunate enough, and patient enough to watch an Antalope mon with her two young ones, about six months old. I saw sone activity and focused in and got me a fantastic shot of those two young fawns dipping under mom and starting to nurse. WOW! I'll say if you want to get close, and closer, get a good camera with a large number zoom. The SP-550UZ 7.1MP Digital Camera with Dual Image Stabilizer 18X Optical Zoom is doing it for me. It can do it for you too.
0	Absolutely incredible boring movie with no thought put into the story line and plot. Boring characters .A Complete waste of money and time.
1	This set was a gift from my 4-yr-old son's favorite auntie, and within a couple weeks we knew every line by heart. He just loves Elmo and the whole cast, who are each exciting and interesting as only a little, red, furry monster can be to a child. (Wait ... that's another episode ... involving a parade ...)Anyway, Elmo is a great educational tool and my son's personal favorite character in the known universe ... well, it's a tie between Elmo, Mr Noodle and Dorothy. And since my son has only been in the U.S. for two months and doesn't speak much English yet, that is definitely saying something.My highest recommendation.
0	I would not recommend this textbook to someone who wants to learn the FUNDAMENTALS of C++. The textbook does not really cover the basis of algorithms and how to structure your code. It simply gives brief explanations to principles, and provides a few examples of sample computer codes. Don't waste your time and money with this textbook.
1	The singing on this recording is fantastic!The singer sings so brilliantly and his voice has power and flexibility. This recording makes for wonderful listening, and I'll be buying another CD as I've worn out this one listening to it over and over. Worth buying 2-3 more Cds.
0	This game is alright I suggest getting Oblivoin for computer or xbox 360But if you must have this game you should pick up Fable the lost chapters wich does make the game better but normal fable sucks it finished the story in 8 hours even with side quest. Oh and for who think that after beating it you will get to play on are wrong, well mostly.After beating the game I find out that there is absolotly nothing to doSo If U realy want this game get the expantoin versoin wich has both games fable and the expantoin Because if you pick up this game.get ready to be dissapointed
0	I was so looking forward to see the concert of the amazing cd of La Luna. So it was with utter amazement and disappoint that it was obvious that she was miming this concert. The question one has to ask is why try pass this off as a "live in concert"when it clearly is'nt.Brightman has a unique voice but watching her going over the top trying to mime made me cringe.I will look forward to a Brightman concert where she actually sings.
0	This book was a waste of money. Not only were the tips and tricks vague and largely incorrect, judging from the Authors images, he did NOT spend any time learning this program. He did, however, manage to acquire images from the Bryce list from some of the better Artists. Personally, if I had been employed with Metacreations, I would have paid him NOT to publish this book. Save your money, buy Susan Kitchens book
0	If you think limp bizkit was bad enough, this dreadful album, might you want to think to rehash some songs like master of puppets, Jason newsted and james hetfield have presence but lars ulrich is wasted , looking like scott stapp in a dummer suit and kirk hammet looks like a raggae dancer and goes over the top and the whole cd (with brother reload) and s&m, plays more like britney spears than metal, take my advice metallica fans do not buy after 91 metallica albums (except garage inc), this is an ingenious exercise in pointlessness, Metallica, how about Nsynctellica.
1	The always versatile Shure SC35C, providing just what the novice DJ needs to kick some breaks and scratch for days. If you are looking for a stylus that can do it all, this is the one for you. So put that needle on the record and get to cuttin'...
1	I bought this Barbie entirely as a collectible so she is still entact in her box. She is a beautiful Barbie and I wasn't disappointed when I received her, I am hoping to pass this down to my children.
0	The Dolby sound is awful; in fact, you can't even hear some of the dialogue on the dvd.
0	After I read the book I Google Michael Scott Speicher. He never survived the initial crash and his body was recovered in 2009 which means the entire book was speculation that was proved to be wrong. The book is the perfect example to the fact that you can see whatever you want to see in a set of data or events.
1	I must say that the animation work is great and you going to see a Batman like you see him in Comics, with great detail and excellent development, however the price to pay is that you don't get enough of this version of Batman. With the exception of the first episode, which is, also the most "diferent" of the conceptions of Batman, the all others are great job... so great that at the end of each chapter, they keep you waiting for more... which is a little frustrating, because there is no more.However, if you are a true fan of Batman, you should get this one, it's a great job.
0	What the second reviewer overlooked is that the Martians KILL yes KILL the mothers after they suck the life out of them. This plot point was not needed. This movie is NOT about family values. The reason it failed is because it's a bad movie. John Lassiter, what were you thinking?PS I would be horrified if I had a kid there at the movies who had to witness a Mom getting the life sucked out of her until she explodes(dies). Think about it. If you liked that I bet you liked Eight Below where half the sled dogs freeze to death. Another Disney non Family values movie.
0	I wanted so bad to like this company. Seemingly cool looking products. I like design, and Vessels products have the aesthetic I'm after. I bought the 4-set of Candelas in the Moma store in NYC, after charging them for 24 hours, 2 of the 4 did not work for longer than 3 minutes. I returned them to the store. 3 weeks later, 2 of the new Candelas started diminishing 10x faster than the other 2. I then contacted Vessel, who was surprisingly unfriendly and not very helpful. After a vigorous letter, I received 2 replacement Candelas (i marked them on the bottom) which lasted- get this- 2 weeks before fading out after 10 minutes. I sent the whole thing back to Vessel - who told me without the original receipt, could not refund me. I promptly told them to keep them. Terrible business practices, and useless product. How can a company like this stay in business>?
0	Do NOT buy this if you are looking to sing the music. There is NO piano part. Very dissapointed.
1	Love it!!! Did not want to put it down!!! A good wholesome story. I would recommend this to any one who want to read a good old fashion book!
1	I've used other desktop "Tower" fans and this is the best so far. It's very quiet and the controls are easily accessed on top of the unit. You can't get a better deal for the $.
1	A silly movie I loved as a kid. I bought the DVD for myself. I put it on ready to enjoy a childhood favorite, and I could sit through it once and only once. Not quite as good as I had remembered, as with many things loved in childhood. My daughter on the other hand loves it, so not a total waste. Since I loved it as a kid and now my daughter loves it, I would say it's a great movie for kids. It's very entertaining for them. As for adults or young adults, unless you loved it as a child, there's not much of a plot but no shortage of cheese. The enjoyment is more sentimental and nostalgic. It's Jim Henson puppets, I mean really, how many serious adults sit around enjoying Sesame Street.No, there's nothing perverse about the movie (as I read in some reviews). And no, you don't have to be on drugs or crazy to enjoy it, just young or young at heart accompanied by a great imagination.
1	Attractive display: both broad and indepth. The easy-to-find terms are numbered according to the number of letters; terms of general interests are given a box to themselves. Usually more terms per word than any other dictionary I have consulted. Get the hardbound for easier reading.
1	my boy loves it and plays with it all the time. I would recommend to everyone. What a great product!
1	This monitor is very accurate,and for the past month has been within 5 points of my doctors mercury blood pressure monitor. The only drawback: it cannot store independent data for two persons,which may be ideal for couples. The hand positioning sensor is also a great addition that improves the accuracy of the readings.I would highly recommend this monitor to anyone.
0	This book has very little to do with dieting and much more to do with attacking the ranching industries and promoting a vegan lifestyle. It attempts to gross the reader out with images of eating "carcasses" and sucking on your mother's breast in order to convince the reader that meat and any of its byproducts are unhealthy. This book is a bait and switch and a complete waste of time and money. If I wanted a book on the politics of the meat industry, I would have bought one.
0	Hmmm, this was a horrible novel. It's like rich, plantation owner, meets a "carrie white" from backwoods alabama. It is horribly unoriginal, written on a second graders reading level...the most complicated word was probably telekinesis...however, the deaths were slightly exciting.
1	I recently bought this item and I am quite happy with it. If you buy an Apple Cradle it's about $40 and add a USB 2.0 5-port Hub (which by the way most of them are really ugly and only 4-port) for $20 it's already a bit higher than buying this single device that helps you avoid clutter on your desktop as well.Pros: no cable clutter, slim design, cradle for ipod and usb 2.0-hub, audio out, usb 1.1 and 2.0 compatible.Cons: The leds on the front are a bit flashy for my taste, ipod re-connects and goes to "do not disconnect" mode every time I power up any other ac-powered devices connected to the hub.Overall: Good device, great price.
0	Glad I didn't shell out money fot this one. After hearing it several times my mind kept wandering back to memorable tunes from her Come Away With Me album, and wondering where the memorable ones here are. Very unfulfilling. Her first was so good, so please quit while...
0	Based on a storyline from the 1800's, this book, in this day and age, is verging on child pornography, child neglect and promiscuous language. I can see its value for literary purposes with much expressive language, however, the heroine of this book is 13yrs old at the beginning of the book, is treated as a child throughout, the story advances by just days at a time and yet in the end she marries in the next spring at the age of 13 or 14yrs. Some of the language used is so 1940's and has developed alternate meanings over the time frame of 60+ years. Some very good escapist scenes, however, it will be interesting to see what they do to this novel to clean it up for the 21st century movie that is planned. When there are so many other thousands of good storylines to choose from, why did movie makers choose this one?
1	The news was heard all around the globe when The Dark Knight Rises opened in theatres in late July the 20th, there was this bloody shootout inside the auditorium. There was one survivor whom I believed was playing dead, that was cool and smart thinking; but let us not forget the victims who did not make it out alive, for we are truly sorry for the loss of lives in that one single night.I am not exactly a Canadian, I am from London England. Doesn't matter, quite honestly, I was pretty darn scared myself if I went to see the movie on opening night, so I just told my friends and sibling that I was scared myself, knowing that The Dark Knight Rises was truly a masterpiece, last one in the trilogy and not to be missed. Amen.
1	This was her first book I've ever read and then I picked up each one of her's that I could get my hands on! Every scene is magical and mostly in its reality. It tells us as to how every turn our life ultimately takes us as to where we were meant to be all along. You fall in love with each character, each emotion and each memory. It is the most precious book in my collection, which taught me a lesson: "When you are flat on your back, there is nowhere to look, but up." Thanx to Susan Elizabeth Phillips, who kept me up all night, crying and laughing, and taught me true perseverance. A must read for all those who'd love to fall in love. These characters were made for us!
0	The Matrix takes on a future world where mind experiences are induced by software, not the senses. This premise ought to have been fascinating, but this very Hollywood treatment is nothing but an old fashioned shoot-em-up, with silly kung fu fights, hilarious logical inconsistencies, and a cinematic superhero who, true to formula, finds his magical powers just in time. Ho hum. Skip this one unless you like assault rifles discharging ammo by the bushel.
1	MUSE is such an amazing band, extracting pure melancholy from the heart and transforming it into musical form. SHOWBIZ, the bands first album, is remarkably diverse and intricate. Kicking off the CD is "Sunburn", and one can not ask for a better opening track. Every track on here is worth the money. "Muscle Museum" and "Fillip" prove the emotion and passion that is rooted within Matt's voice and the bands overall talent. Other beauties such as "Falling Down", "Cave", and "Overdue" round out the exquisiteness of such an album. I cannot praise this enough! Muse is without question one of the best bands today. You will not be disappointed!
0	I wish I hadn't read this book. I was always in awe of Chyna and the power and confidence that she portrayed. However, after reading this book, I now realize that she is nothing but bitter and sarcastic about her accomplishments and fame. Almost every sentence had sarcasm in it as well as bitterness towards each event in her life. I finished the book and my whole attitude towards Chyna had been tarnished. I am not proud of her anymore. I feel like she is who she is now just to spite something or someone. And that is just not respectable at all.
0	I don't believe these are real strawberries. I think this product is made from strawberry pulp + sugar + who knows what. They seem like slightly more healthy strawberry gummy bears candy.
0	I was sent a left handed holster when I ordered a right handed holster. I have no means of sending mail back because of my loction in Afghanistan. I have complained twice on this specific order and still heard nothing from the seller. Very dissatisfied with the product and service.
0	This phone could have been a great phone but it was a prototype. DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. Buy the 650 and choose Verzion. Sprint's a joke. I've tried them three different times and this was my last time.
0	I think this product is too complicated to use. There are too many not so useful features. I had to return it after trying to use it.
0	The quality on this was not what I expected for the money.It works but I just thought it would have been made better
0	.....you use a KVM switch between 2 computers. I currently use a Linksys KVM2KIT switch with my Logitech Elite USB keyboard and my USB Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer. I have them plugged into the switch with PS2 to USB adapters. They've worked flawlessy from day one this way. I can plug the Gamer's Keyboard into the switch this way and it will not work at all. The saving grace is that it can be used on either of my machines as a stand-alone keyboard, but this just isn't my configuration. Unfortunately I'm going to have to RMA this keyboard. Just beware of this if you use a permanent switch.
0	2 1/2. Some matches were great, match of the year candidates but Backlash 2002 is just not worth buying.1.Cruiserweight championship: Billy Kidman vs Tajiri W/torrie.10/10 , amazing cruiserweight action here!2.Bradshaw vs. scott Hall 3/10:Whats this?!?3.Womens championship:Trish vs. Jazz 1.5/10 Not as good as their past matches.4.Brock Lesner vs. Jeff hardy 4/10 this was a push match for Brock to showcase his stuff.5.Edge vs. Kurt angle 8.5/10 Great match with great ending.6.Intercontinental Championship: Rob van Dam vs.Eddie Guerrero. Good match 8/107.Undertaker vs. stone cold steve austin Special Referee:Ric Flair. Took forever to actually start shocking ending when watching live but to buy .... 2/108.Tag team championship:Billy and chuck w/rico vs.Maven and Al snow Booo!!! 1/10.9.Undisputed championship: Triple H vs.Hulk Hogan.the match was horrible until the ending where Y2j,taker interfered. 5/10Overall 5/10
1	The mysteries being written for children are a tad easy to figure out and the language is a bit too jolly for me. Nearly every other sentence uttered by one of the Five Find Outers contains an "I say--" which is as bad as the Hardy Boy's over use of "golly." Nonetheless, a very enjoyable read.
0	I bought this camera after the Ricoh I had for 8 years broke. I have taken 5 rolls of pictures in two months and am not happy with any of them. I keep trying, but I can't seem to take a good picture. They are either dark or fuzzy. The red-eye reduction feature takes too long. By the time the camera actually takes the picture, my kids have turned away. But without the red eye reduction, everyone's eyes are big and red. I never had a problem with my Ricoh. Every picture came out perfect so I don't think it's my fault. Anyways, I'm returning this camera and searching for a new Ricoh!
1	I love the snowmen books! They have limited text and allow children to make up the story as they look at the book.
1	The album isn't what I wanted. I wanted the song desperado. Love that song. I have heard the album and it's good. They are so surprizing in their music. One really has to hear it to believe it. They are an American band that isn't afraid to try on different sounds, breaking in a culture different from their own. It's a soild ablum, and really fun to listen to. If your into surprises, and philosophy this album is for you. They go deep lyrically, and mix in a shocking, fun vibe of sound.
0	Both are a let-down at the same time.Check out 'POW' from The Broun Fellini's instead.~!an
0	When I first heard "Le Champagne" & "In Progress", both released on one 12" on the west coast based Naked Music label..I was completely blown away.For me, they are the best house tracks i've heard in the last 20 years...hands down.I was hoping his other material was in a similar vein, but alas..it's NOT.This album has no developed musical ideas. All the tracks sound like ideas that were never fleshed-out and turned into actual pieces of music.Please Trentemoller...do some more tracks like "Le Champagne"!!!!
1	I found this book easy to read, entertaining and very helpful to learn about ADHD. I know I would like to read more on the topic but having the story told firsthand from a person with ADHD made me change my mind about children like the author.I'm very happy I had the opportunity to read this book!!!
1	The book was entertaining and a quick read, although I was a little confused because the book seemed more about Evelyn and less about everyone else. Jasmine and Malone were discussed, but Evelyn was the star of the book. The original caller was never discussed again. But Malone's character was the most satisfying. I'd read it again and definitely worth buying.
0	This is not the worst album I've ever heard, but it is an album I have heard several hundred times before I actually popped it in my disc player. Jenny has a decent voice, and the backing tracks are professional, but Jenny is still lacking her own voice. Listen closely: There's a little Natalie Merchant there, a bit of Alanis there, and a sprinkle of Counting Crows over there. Her songs often follow the same patterns, and her vocal choices tend toward the gimmicky. Jenny has an excellent chance to evolve, but this album is sad evidence that she might be too busy following in others' footsteps to forge her own trail.Too bad.
1	I gave this as a gift to someone very close to me and she was very happy. She told me that taste and quality is very very great.
0	This toy chest is exactly what we were looking for. It is very large to store plenty of toys and the top detaches. The problem is it was extremely difficult to assemble. In fact, I almost returned it because the sides just wouldn't connect. After trying several times and using a hammer and sitting on it, we managed to get 3 sides assembled and it was enough to hold it. We decided to keep it rather than go through the hassle of returning it. After all the abuse it took to assemble it, I think it will hold up to anything a child could do to it.
1	with, as other reviewers pointed out, a nice selection of practical exercises, like holding a rubber band or some other talisman when you get angry (to remind yourself that almost everyone gets angry and has to get over it), concentrating on one or two words when praying, and trying to think about the positive good you can help create when you are engaged in social action (rather than on who you are angry at for creating the problem).
1	What the heck was "Th3e House of High Fidelity" talking about a few reviews back? "'Animal House' has not survived the advance in comedy that we are now experiencing in film today."? Huh? What are those advances in comedy? Do you mind telling us?The only advance in comedy that anyone need care about is if it makes you laugh. And this movie will make you laugh. And BTW Mr."Th3e House of High Fidelity", the movie takes place in the early 60s not the 50s.
1	Bitter irony abounds in this poolside read, yet the entertaining antics of the characters are oftentimes true to life. You might even think the author is writing about people you know, or even yourself! The author has concocted a devilish take on human nature that makes you wonder--if a faux dog person prides themselves on getting a dog that acts like a cat, why not simply get a cat in the first place?? You'll have to read it to know what I mean. Highly recommended.
1	Well, it looks like Ive found the next record to win the coveted David Gould Record of the Year. First, it was The Wiseguys and "The Antidote"; then it was The Propellerheads with "Decksanddrumsandrockandroll". Now its "Music Kills Me". I haven't formulated my definitive review yet. It is surely forthcoming. Needless to say, don't wait for my review to buy this record. IT IS AWESOME. A fusion of styles and textures that is immediately accesible on the first listen. A great record, from front to back, that improves with each track. God I love records like that. This is one of those records where all your friends will ask you "Who is this?", and you'll feel like your the man because you are on the leading edge... Music Kills Me is multi-layered with great intensity. And I love the fusion of rock and electronica! A must for anyone who takes partying and living life large as serious business. Stay tuned folks.
0	Debbie MaComber is usually alot better than this latest book. The dialogue is stiff and at times unbelievable. It reminds me of a novice writer that hasn't quite got their writing technique down. It also reminds me of Sandra Brown's very early works, pretty boring and poorly written. I'm trying to get through this thing, I do not recommend it to anyone. This writer was in a big hurry when she "wrote" this one. I bet I could do as good. YUCK!!!
0	Talk about self-absorbed...I guess the ego and the love of self this man displays are essential to success in business...I thought the man made some good points, but few are helpful to anyone in the real world (or outside the newspaper business). Nausea sets in after the second chapter. Neuharth will die an old, lonely, rich man. Respected by many, hated by nearly all. Luckily, I didn't have to sit through this entire book. I put it down quickly.
0	I had high expectations from a love story which looked complicated on paper, but honestly I found it disturbing and a bit disappointing. The characters of Sam, Tessa and Allie are written well but the love triangle seems to be stuck in the past for ever and then it is suddenly resolved out of nowhere. It seemed the classic approach of appreciating something more when you are about to lose it. I still fail to understand the marriage and how it worked so long with this major baggage. I guess I just did not like it. The ridiculous way to add a third romantic interest so that everyone is happy is a bit of a letdown too.
0	I have always loved this movie. I also like to be able to hear the movie as I view it. The sound quality on this film is terrible. I can barely hear it, and I have good hearing.I lost the box so I couldn't return the film.Just not fair, terribly disappointed.
0	The overall condition of the case was fine, but the belt clip does not hold very good. For an active person or someone who works alot with their phone on their belt, it falls off all the time. The clip is not strong at all. Myself or my son will not use it any more for that reason.
1	This is the first Devine book I've read. I've heard that her stories are comparable to Robin Schoen in eroticism and suspense. The sex was very plentiful and steamy. The characters of Diandra and Justin were well conceived and developed. The plot, altough a bit contrived, was suspenseful and kept my attention, but the ending was hurried. Ms. Devine spent over 270 pages developing the story to have the mystery unraveled in under 10 pages. Also, the fact that Justin and Diandra would find love in the mist of such contention and mistrust is unbelievable. Despite the quick and unsatisfying ending, I recommend the book. Ms. Devine's sexual imagery is outstanding and the story was capitivating. If your looking for a book that will leave you dreaming for some bridal cream this is it.
1	The original manga from Masamune Shiro was somewhat a great experience. But instead of just trying to render the manga to the screen, Mamoru Oshi (patlabor 1&2, Jinro...) created a real piece of art! Both the design, story, rythm, animation, drawing and music are absolutly astounding! This is not just a sci-fi movie. It avoids all the "clichs" and is more poetic than violent. If I had to keep only one movie, this will be the one.
1	Clock arrived when Amazon said which is typical. Very happy with Amazon shipping. For about $15 this is a great product. Easy to setup. When you turn it on it has the correct time already. Just change the time zone and you're ready. The display is easy to see in daylight or nighttime. There are two alarms and both are extremely easy to set up. Radio works great for its price and alarm is great also. My only complaint was the internal battery had to be replaced after 5 days and no power outages. The replacement battery at WalMart was about $2. Hope the new one lasts longer. I would highly recommend this clock radio.
0	This has got to be the biggest waste of disk ever. I've used different sorts of operating systems, from OS/2, WIN 3.1, WIN95, WIN98 and Windows NT. Thankfully I didn't shell out any cash for this junk - it came prepacked with my HP Pavilion. It locks up the machine at the blink of an eye. Printing with my Canon Multipass has ceased. The help function is a joke - it needs help itself - it fails to initialize and displays a charming number to notify MS suppport with. The real kicker is that the help automatically pops up if there is a cancelled function or error in some other application that you simply backed out of. So, the helpless help comes up and locks the machine. If you want to spend lots of time rebooting the machine - go ahead and buy this. At least this OS boots real fast...I'm replacing it with Windows 2000 Pro.
1	Lexmark #26 color ink cartrige ( 10n0026) Great ink cartrige, Popped it in my printer and away I go.
1	All of these classic Univeral Pictures are THE ONES to own. Don't miss out on this collection. Only Universal could put these classics together. A must see and a must buy....
1	Good for firm meats like ham; not so easy to use for roast beef. Wouldn't recommend for cheese - which would overheat the motor.
0	I have this cover in burgandy. It is good to take off and wash, but it hangs ugly and doesn't stay tucked in. It is more work than I hoped for and was a big let down. I suggest a stretchy cover that hugs the furniture for a more sophisticated and tidy look.
1	When plain Jane Goodwin is asked to become one of the Bitches (school royalty) she can't refuse.She will finally be popular.Not the regular kind of popular but so popular that no one can help but worship her.All she has to do is every week steal somthing from another girl and place it on the desk of Lurl the Pearl the creepy early religon teacher.Sounds simple right "For one to rise another must fall?". Not.Because a tiny part of Jane's brain is telling her this is wrong.But the bigger part of her brain is making up excuses for her and the other Bitches' behavior.But when Bitsy (the junior Bitch) tries to harm another girl named Camilla Jane stops making excuses and tries to help Camilla who's not as innocent as she seems.This is a good book that will make you look at the popular girls at your school and think "Are they really that ruthless?"
1	Since 9/11, security has become political. This book cuts through the rhetoric and explains how security work and how to be safer. I feel like my eyes have been opened, and I see the security around me in a new light. I'm giving this book to all of my friends for a Christmas present!
0	Terribly Designed, You Must Either Remove The Strap Every Time You Want To Charge Or Very Very Carefully Wiggle The Controller Into Just The Right Position To Charge. More Often Than Not, I Find The Remote(s) Dead Because Someone Was Not Careful In Placing Into The Charger. $30+ Shipping Will Buy Quite A Few Batteries. Alkaline Cells Far Outlast These As Well. Great Idea, Terrible Design...
0	I bought this book for my daughter for a college class on the 28th of August and paid the extra money for it to be expedited so she would have it in time for her first assignments. We never received the book and had to withdraw her from her class because she got so far behind in the week we waited. My credit card was charged for both the fee for the book as well as the expedite fee. It's really hard to find any one to talk to. The only contact I have had with anyone from Amazon.com is this request for a review so I am taking the time to vent my disapproval over this transaction.
0	The book has a lot of errors, but is actually good in some areas. The CDROM is unbelievable. It is as if it were a first draft of the book. The practice exams on the CD make no sense at times and are worthless as a study aid.
1	This is a great hands on book for developers and development managers alike. Good analogies and case studies. Great references as well for those of us into process control theory and complexity theory. Only 150 pages makes it very readable.
1	One never wants to give 5 Stars unless it is k.d.lang or an Ella, but I don't want anyone to miss this wonderful treatment of a very interesting collection of song. Highly recommended!
1	Writer covers all there is concerning XP. I am having fun learning XP and I am wondering why the devil it never came to my depraved mind before, that there had to be someone out there who could unravel the mysteries locked away in XP. Actually, a lot of this stuff I kind of knew but until I got into "Windows XP for Dummies;9 Books in 1", I did not know how to unlock? This is the logical book to answer all your questions and unlock the logic of XP. I bought this book from Amazon.com, and as always, I always hit the jackpot with them when I need just about any kind of information.
0	We have been going through quality can opener nightmare lately, every single can opener I buy is junk. In fact the one I bought just because I was at wits end, at the Dollar Tree, lasted longer then many high priced can openers, including this one. I saw this and saw $20 for a can opener? But then I thought I am so over it, I am going to splurge for top of the line. I was very excited about ending the nightmare. About 2-3 weeks later, just stopped working, you could fight with it sometimes and manage to finish opening the can you have partially open, but most the time I had to pull the Dollar Tree one out and struggle through that to get my can open. I am very disappointed in oxo. I have always trusted their products without doubt, now I will look on with doubt on them as well. BTW I think this is my first review, if that tells you how strongly I feel about this lol
0	I picked up this product at a swap meet. It was still in the packaging and hadn't been opened. I'm only rating its use as an "attention getting" device--the stopwatch and the alarm clock may work fine, but if you need a stopwatch or an alarm clock you should buy a stopwatch or an alarm clock.As for this, I couldn't get it to record. The pre-recorded sounds (Tarzan yell, rooster, etc) are just garbled gibberish that all basically sound the same. The packaging says "project your voice 100 feet" but you have to hold it to your ear just to be able to hear it.This product serves no purpose whatsoever.
0	If you want a memory foam product look elsewhere. This (2.5", not 3") pad has a shorter memory than Ronald Regan on Midazolam. Choose a bona fide heavy-weight product, expect to pay well for it, and air it out for a couple of days just to be safe.
0	Couldn't get into this movie at all. Maybe another day I will try again. I typically love these types of movies I just can't put my finger on what was missing
0	First let me say that for once the Kindle formatting wasn't horrible. A few glitches, but not bad.The story itself seemed to be more about why God would let some things happen than what actually DID happen. As a murder story it didn't entirely hold together, which saddened me because I think she had a good idea and some good characters, but they got over shadowed with the heavy handed God stuff. Not being a religious person it grated really bad for me and I found I skimmed a lot of things. I managed to make it thru this book, but went ahead and deleted the second off my Kindle. I don't think I can handle any more sermon.
0	Contains examples that fail to work. Also the explanations are SO BAD they don't help at all. The API docs contain more information than this ever will. I'd love to like it, but so there. Go for more general books instead.
0	This was a hard book for me to get interested in to begin with. But I kept reading and it really did get better and then I thought I was missing some of the book. I even went back a couple of pages on my Kindle thinking I hit the forward button by mistake. Here in what I would have thought was the middle of the book are all these character discriptions and some of the characters were not even in the book. Any series I have ever read had a beginning, middle and an end. The books could have stood alone, but made me want to continue reading the series to see how the story and the characters evolve. I felt with this book I really was missing part of the book. I doubt I'll finish this series unless the rest of the books are offered for free or the 99 cent special. The only way I'd pay more is if the second one is free and I feel the books are actually going somewhere.
1	Arthramine Chewable - Small and Medium Breed - 120 tabsI have 2 mini doxies and they were beginning to show signs of painful joints. I bought this product and was amazed. After one week they are both running and much more active than they have been.I can recommend this product without any reservations. I will be keeping my dogs on this product.
1	Poul Anderson, one of our great science fiction writers, takes us on a journey of a billion years with this yarn. It begins with astronaut Christian Brannock in the near term future and ends about a billion years later, with humanity scattered across the galaxy and for the most part uploaded into the computers that span the galaxy and control everything. A few humans have been re-instated on earth for an experiment run by a perhaps slightly deranged computer called Gaia.This novel did keep my interest, although it may be too far 'off the wall' for some tastes.
1	Casting the First Stone by Kimberla Lawson Roby is a masterful presentation of creative writing. Ms. Roby is very inventive and uses great imagination in portraying the characters and situations of her story. In this novel, she vividly described the fraught lives of a married couple who struggles to remain faithful to each other in their Christian walk. Tanya, who is presupposed to have achieved a degree of life success, is married to Curtis, a charismatic pastoral husband who is laden with some obvious spiritual weaknesses. As their marriage suffered, Tanyas serene and beautiful love of life began to turn sour and her affection for the things she once admired began to grow cold. And like a woman who was abducted for marriage falls in love with her abductor, she learns of her husbands infidelity and succumbs to the same weaknesses that plagued his life. It is an interesting read.
0	I returned the speakers. The instructions said that they cannot be used outside with the charger, i.e when you used them outside the power has to come from the batteries. I wanted to use in my porch and did not want to have to change the batteries constantly.
0	I bought this mainly for the audio video cable and it didn't work. I got sound from the unit but no video. The other cables might work I have not used them yet because I generaly charge my ipod through a FM transmitter. I did like the screen protector that came with the kit.
0	I really doubt anyone could learn Transact-SQL in 21 days using this book. On the contrary, you could spend 21 months with this one and still not get there. It's disorganized and free-styled to a fault. The topics are all over the place. Also the writing is inconsistent. One minute, it's at 30,000 feet, the next minute, it's on the runway. One minute, the author is talking down to you, the next minute, he's attempting to be your buddy. If you're looking for a quick, systematic introduction to Transact-SQL, keep looking.
1	I play many styles of music, but Jazz is my favorite, as the chords are the warmest of them all.You don't need to pound on the guitar, do a bunch of bends, play the same two notes to monotony, or have any accompaniment to sound full bodied and just right all by yourself. Blues does this to a point, but just does not use the full bodied chords that Jazz does.Jazz chords are not necessarily easy, but well worth it once you have them down.The book goes through the types of chord forms until around page 31 and then you are off with the actual progressions.I am an old Wes Montgomery fan and can remember many good times with his music and now I can actually play someof it.
0	This death-metal band from Liverpool is worst than Cannibal Corpse (if that is possible! ) THe lyrics are ridiculous, the songs poor. Blergh!
1	Front Line Assembly's side-project Delerium is sounding more dreamy and original than "Symantic Spaces". Less corny, a little less of the embarrassing Enigma beats and choirs, much more Mid-Eastern chanting and soundscapes, and stunning female vocals. Favourites: "Silence", "Window To Your Soul", "'Til The End Of Time". Try and get the double CD version which includes some interesting remixes from this album and "Symantic Spaces".To FLA fans who don't know Delerium, these two bands have nothing in common - this, the later Delerium work is pseudo-commercial ethereal (earlier work can be described as ambient), compared to FLA's industrial signature.
1	I was not immediately taken with the book, however, as the characters developed I caught on to MB's style. She is constantly weaving in and out of situations and characters. Finally, you see all of it forming a amazing tapestry. The plotting is well crafted and the character's grow and develop through out the book. I miss them now that I am done. I definately recommend this book.
1	I loved this watch when I got it. It was very low price but has worked for over a year for all my workout needs. It is fairly simple to use, Ive only had a few issues figuring out the functions. My only large complaint is that the gorgeous bright blue color of the watch quickly faded to a grey color (within about 1 month of purchase) so now I feel like I need a new one! Maybe black next time to prevent color loss.
0	A well-meaning friend gave me this CD as a present. He saw this performer playing "live" on a street in Palm Springs. He knew I enjoyed piano, so he brought me this.Despite the hype on the cover of being inspired by "Christ" and "angels", the performance strangely dispassionate and almost meek in character, as if Delarue is afraid of what he's doing.I noticed another review that gave this 5 stars. It should be noted that the "glowing review" seems to be from this performers music publisher.
1	Thanks to Mr. Grisanti for his review of the pitfalls that one can fall prey to in this multi million dollar industry.I am a lot smarter from reading this book and I suspect that I will be more physically fit without having to advance my loan for additional funding!
1	I bought this rice cooker a month ago and we used it almost every day. We used it to cook white rice most of the time. I have tried brown rice once and sponge cake twice.White Rice: Taste and texture-wise, it's the same as my other rice cookers. But it takes 45min to cook (vs 20min in others). There is a Quick Cook feature, but that is 30min still. There is 1 noticeable difference with the rice, it tastes very good the next day with microwave reheating.Brown Rice: Texture-wise, there is a huge difference from my other rice cookers. The brown rice is soft and plum, but it takes almost 2hr to cook.Sponge Cake: The cakes collapsed both times after I opened the lid.Features I like:- Retractable power cord- Non-stick coating bowl- Music indicator of when it starts and ends- "Bumpy" spatula and spatula holder on the sideFeatures I don't like:- No condensation collector- Having to clean inner lid every time
1	I thoroughly enjoyed "The Starter Wife," even though it isn't the type of show I usually watch. It was a delight -- lots of chuckles, with enough serious subject matter to keep it from being a dramatized version of the Shopping Channel. Deborah Messing is perfect as the "starter wife" who's dumped by her studio honcho husband and thinks her life is over. Not so -- a new life is just beginning. Messing and her small coterie of loyal friends are great, and the hunk she finds on the beach is a feast for the eyes. The miniseries is great fun, guaranteed to bring a smile.
1	If you read the book or saw the movie, this will just add to the beauty and magic of it all.... It will make all that you read and saw live vividly in your heart and fantasies....
0	Stowkowski is one of the most renowned conductors, and Symphony No.9 "From The New World" is one of the best known classical works.This recording was made in 1927, and the CD was mastered from 78 rpm discs; there are many sonic abberations, despite any restoration that was done.So if you are looking for a stunning performance and recording of this marvelous work by Dvorak, don't buy this.If you are looking for a historical recording that might give you a look into why Stowkowski was so good, to hear the nuances and shadings he gave the piece, and experience this piece as only he could interpret it, then this is a good CD to buy.But don't expect a great, clean recording without mechanical and electronic artifacts.
1	I was very happy with the book. Although it was small it was a wonderful addition. I ordered for friends as well.
1	I really enjoyed this movie and I have watched it several times. All of the actors were great and I mean all of them. I think it is a movie that should be played in schools, and especially the troubled youth centers because it is a true story.
0	I ordered the Canon fax and am using the cartridge which came with it so I can't yet review this product. Iwas very pleased with you system. The transaction was very easy.
1	I wished i'd have known about this show before it went off-air. My dad had the series and the Serenity movie I watched both and wish there was more. I wasn't sure i'd like the show but i'd heard about the movie so i decided to give the show a try. I really enjoyed it. I think those zombie things are freaky but they never really show much gore. I like all the characters each is very different. I thought the westerness of it was a nice suprise. I liked the people more in the show than in the movie because i got to know them more.I wish they could continue the show right where they left off. Stop reading reviews and get this show even if your only a little interested because you won't regret it.
1	I recommend the Planet Bike Protege 9.0 bike computer. It is easy to use and has a large display. At this price, getting temp display is rare so it's an added bonus.
1	If one were to write a complete overview spaning Julie London's entire career, 'About the Blues' would stand in the Top 5 of her best albums.Not only does it have a film-noir-type feel to it, but is so haunting, and makes you feel as if you were walking alone at night, it's kinda cold out, and you're looking behind your back to see if any other life form is of existancee.
1	As the previous readers have noted, this is an excellent resource. It's so good that it seems petty to complain about the errors and typos that are found throughout the text, but they do detract from the professionalism of the book - especially since Ms. Goldman is an educator. I hope this review will at least wake up Ms. Goldman's editors to fix all the errors for the next edition. Her website has similar problems.
0	Interesting attempt at Hawaiian history. One point: The Bayonet constitution disenfranchised Hawaiians only if they couldn't read or own land valued over $3000.
0	I hope it's better quality than brita, but as far as i can tell this is a sad little stream of water and it takes up too much space in my sink. It makes it difficult for me to fill my water bottle and other containers. Overall, i think i'd take brita over this jus cause it fills a lot faster.
1	Although there has been some films mentioning about UAV's (unmanned aerial vehicles), this one has the best coverage so far. The motivation dates back to U-2 flying over the Soviet sky. From the Cold War, Mid East conflicts, Vietnam War, Gulf War and Afghanistan, the experience leads to the evolution of UAV's and makes them more and more powerful and robust.Unlike the large-scale UAV's such as the Predator and Global Hawk, small-scale or even micro-scale UAV's also found their importance and are being developed. This is also an interesting part in this film.The content of this DVD is pretty thorough and comprehensive. After having watched it, I just feel it completely delightful and entertaining. Although I've already had certain understanding about UAV's, it is still an eye-opener for me.I have seen couple tech-related films by NOVA and found them well made. This one is no exception. For people who like military aircraft, this is the one you never should miss.
1	Product was received in a very timely manner, professionally packaged, and new...as advertised! This movie is intertwines between stories of four couples on a vacation. One story is somewhat serious and complex, but has a wry/somewhat comical story line mixed in the the dramatic role of Alan Alda and Jane Fonda. The other 3 stories are simply hilarious. I mean, when you mix Bill Cosby, Richard Prior, Walter Matthau, Michael Caine.....with this kind of an cast, you can't loose! It is good fun with a 70s kind of comic fun! It is hilarious and a must-see! I highly recommend Amazon as I received this DVD in new condition and wonderfully packaged!
0	This is my second purchase of In-ear-headphones. I have a hearing problem and find buds more comfortable than the standard head phone but the soundwith these to me is close to nothing. The first ones are OK. I checked these against all the headphones I have and I suppose that is just the way theyare. Price was OK and that is about all.Reviews on Amazon were a little mixed on these.
0	I'm surprised by the number of "5 stars" and that is what motivated me to write this review.My 5 year old enjoys using my laptop and is a whiz at his Leapster, and this led his grandfather to think this would be a great gift. When we opened the gift it looked so neat, I could see the attraction, but I agree with all of those who have talked about the small black-and-white display with very poor resolution. The games are not nearly as good as those on the Leapster and the laptop is pretty large to take places. After a few minutes playing on his laptop, he always asks to play on my laptop. If anything, it has increased his desire to use my computer, and this is not good.We have a VTECH digital camera that is great - I'm surprised by how poor the graphics are on the Nitro Laptop. Even at that low price, the technology is at a point where they should be able to offer something better.
1	Makes this an interesting read. However, I would recommend reading Rosas THEY CALLED HIM WILD BILL before undertaking this biography. Much of the prior information in Hickoks life is not dealt with in great detail here. But the new information is well worth it. Rosa is a meticulous researcher who writes with great passion on this subject.
0	The first two performances were nice, mainly b/c one included an early Zoe Jakes which was interesting to see how much she has improved up to this point. Overall though, I found most of the performances to be quite rough around the edges, some didn't seem well rehearsed, there was a lot of "tugging" on costumes during the middle of a dance, the "asian" piece seemed almost to be mocking instead of interesting, and basically the entire thing just lacked a certain "finish". I'm glad I rented it from my local belly dance shop (Black Sea Trading Company) before purchasing b/c I would have been very dissappointed.
0	I just listened to the whole cd from beginning to end, and I'm dissapointed, but not alot because I wasn't expecting alot from Method Man on this CD. One of my main complaints is why in the **** do the good songs such as #7 and #15 barely last 3 minutes, while his "garbage" songs, such as #11, last for 4 1/2 minutes!!!!!! The M-E-T-H-O-D Man has definitely went commercial....in other words he pulled what I call an "Ice Cube".Yall remember the "old" Ice Cube before all the movies and how nobody on the west couldn't touch him. Thats how Meth was, but sadly we may never see the "old" Meth again. On a good note #7 is str8 FIRE!!!!!! but too d*mn short. Buy this CD from a used CD joint....there are probably some at a used CD store already.
1	I love the Redwall series, and I mean that I love every book in it. This one, however, is my favorite. I think that the hares are my favorite group of characaters in Jacques' books and since this book centered around the elite fighting unit known as The Long Patrol, it makes sense that this is my favorite. You can't help but fall in love with Tammo and Russa as they make their way to Redwall and it's famed fare. And Damug Warfang is one of those villains that you just love to hate. Redwall fan or not, this book is totally great!
1	I planted my raspberries in the shade, because the Dallas Sun can be brutal on plants, so far it is doing well. I also liked the way the company packages plants for delivery.
1	Brought back memories of your days. Lots of songs. Did a good job of engineering, but minus 1 star due to quality of old recordings.
0	I got the 1995 edition of this when I got my Basset. I enjoyed the MANY photos of Bassets, but was disappointed that most of the book appears to be a generic insert that fits in ANY general dog book complete with lots of advertisements for miscellaneous dog stuff. It looks like there is a fill in the blank form used to create the books where you type in a few breed-specific details and lots of photos and -- presto! -- a new book.Less than 30 pages (of 224) are specific to Bassets.
1	Great album,....it is good to hear Paul Gilbert dosomething else besides shredding.Felt a little awkwardbuying this album at the beginning but boy was I surprised.Uncle Jimmi has one helluva vibrato.Rock On!!
0	My mom bought me this rice cooker because she was sick of me cooking rice with a pot. She should have just saved her money. The rice burns on the bottom, the lid cracked and became unusable after a few months and the rice never tasted that great either. Look to zojirushi or elsewhere.
1	this is a great buy.........took less than a hour to put together....pretty heavy, but it comes with materials so you can attach the armoire to the wall for a child like mine who likes to try & climb things.......would of gave it a 5 star, but one of the parts was broken when we recieved it (it came quicker than expected)....called the customer service & gave the serial # & with no questions asked they shipped the part right away (i didn't have to send the old/broken part back).......lots of room for whatever you would desire plus the drawers are great........looks good w/ the combo tower & rochester crib, we went with the oak & don't regard our decision......gets compliments whenever we have guest
0	I enjoyed Baldur's Gate I and II for the PC, for hack and slash "rpgs" they were immersive, and while not as fun as sitting around the table with my friends and my dice, they were a good waste of time. Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance is different. I picked it up because it was cheap, and I'm kind of a nerd and collect Forgotten Realms stuff, and it did say it followed 3rd edition rules. Right. What I got was one of the worst games money could buy that basically, in my opinion, made fun of d&d. And the magic missiles... I missed a lot with them in this game...in d&d they can't miss. Period. This game was awful... I miss games that had a plot
0	I ordered these for my 2011 Subaru legacy but they didn't fit. it doesn't match up with the shape of the car. if you are looking to buy this for Subaru legacy, this is the wrong product.
